(1, 'UofT', 'Your school', 'uoft@mail.utoronto.ca', 'NA', '')
(2846, 'American Rock Mechanics Association University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'ARMA UToronto student chapter’s goal is to disseminate information through presentations, meetings, publications (ARMA E-News), and symposiums to engage geotechnical, civil and geomechanics students as well as other members in various fields of engineering, geology, and oil & gas. The purpose being to educate and better deliver state of art of rock mechanics knowledge whilst promoting the development of knowledge within the field.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/american-rock-mechanics-association-university-of-toronto-student-chapter/')
(2847, 'Afghan Students’ Association', 'The Afghan Students’ Association (ASA) at the University of Toronto, St. George campus is a non-political/religious group whose primary purpose is to connect all Afghan and non-Afghan students through their social and cultural events in order for them to become more educated about Afghan culture, history, and its talented people.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/afghan-students-association/')(2848, 'Ahmadiyya Muslim Women Students’ Association', 'AMWSA (Ahmadiyya Muslim Women Students’ Association) pursues moral and spiritual training alongside academic education, provides guidance and/or counselling for its members in matters of academic, social, and spiritual importance, and promotes interfaith dialogue and cooperation in order to promote peace and harmony on campus.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/ahmadiyya-muslim-students-association-lajna-at-university-of-toronto/')(2849, 'Albanian Students’ Association (ASU)', 'Albanian Students’ Association is a club that aims to create a sense of community among students of Albanian background as well as those interested in Albanian culture. It is our intent to offer all University of Toronto members a chance to experience Albanian culture and tradition.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/albaniansatuoft/')(2850, 'Aerospace Students’ Association (ASA)', 'The Aerospace Students’ Association (ASA) is responsible for representing graduate students at UTIAS and for organizing athletic and social events throughout the year. Popular social events include trivia nights, pancake breakfasts, summer barbecues, LAN parties, and pub nights. Among other things, the athletics schedule consists of soccer, baseball, ultimate frisbee, and hockey, as well as annual camping and ski trips. Billiards, table tennis, foosball, and a selection of tabletop games are available for students’ enjoyment throughout the year, as well as a community garden in the summer months. Elections for the ASA Executive Committee take place annually in September.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utias.uoft/')(2851, 'ALPHA Education U of T Student Chapter', 'We are ALPHA Education University of Toronto Student Chapter. ALPHA stands for the Association for Learning and Preserving the History of World War II in Asia. Our mission is to educate the community about the history of World War II in Asia through events and projects on campus. This is because discussion about World War II in general tends to center on Western perspectives, so we strive to honor those who suffered and sacrificed in Asia. Additionally, we discuss contemporary issues such as how to combat anti-Asian racism.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_alpha/')(2852, 'Afro-Dance and Culture Club', 'The Afro-Dance and Culture Club (hereafter referred to as ADC) aims to provide a fun environment for all who are enthused by and would like to learn more about the African and diasporic culture through the modern African dance movement that is Afro-dance. This will be achieved through the organization and facilitation of afro-dance workshops in which music and movement from various parts of Africa will be highlighted. We aim to impact change in the U of T community by spreading awareness of African culture through intercultural events.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/afro-dance-club/')(2853, 'AIESEC Toronto', 'As the largest international student-run organization in the world, AIESEC aims to promote global understanding through leadership development and international exchange.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/aiesecintoronto/')(2854, 'ACE University of Toronto St. George Student Chapter', 'ACE UTSG (formerly DECA UTSG) Chapter for the University of Toronto’s St. George campus is a student-led business-oriented case competition open to ALL UTSG students. Our student-led organization equips students with leadership skills to nurture successful career paths in the world of business. We host various panels and networking opportunities with peers and industry professionals while providing one of Canada’s most prominent case competitions. Our award-winning delegation team has bi-weekly training sessions and the opportunity to compete at Nationals, so stay tuned to learn more.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/aceutsg/')(2855, 'African Studies Course Union', 'The ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/african-studies-course-union/')(2856, 'Ace of Architecture', 'Ace of Architecture (AOA) is a non-profit, multi-platform organization for architectural learning and resource sharing that emphasizes process and care. Initially, as a gathering of architecture lovers, AOA challenges the idea of architecture being only about the making and thus experiments with it as a way of thinking, talking, writing, critiquing, reflecting, and caring. What matters at AOA is the forming of architectural communities, the becoming of architects, and the making of architecture.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/aoastudio_official')(2857, 'A Moment of Science, Please!', '“A Moment of Science, Please” aims to allow students to understand current and ongoing research projects directly from UofT’s own researchers through a podcast medium. Researchers can share their projects in an informal manner to help students understand the underlying scientific concepts without the jargon and lengthiness of research papers. We aim to garner more student interest in the modern research field and use these podcasts to educate from the source. Through an increased understanding of current research projects, we believe more students will look to pursue research opportunities and will get to learn more about careers in research as well.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/amosp_uoft/?hl=en')(2858, '180 Degrees Consulting Club – University of Toronto', 'The goal of the 180 Degrees Consulting – University of Toronto branch is to encourage and foster student interest in the fields of consulting and non-profit/social enterprise. This will be accomplished by providing comprehensive training programs that will give students the opportunity to provide consulting services to solve real business problems affecting non-profits, charities, and social enterprises, hence helping them develop necessary skills, such as project management and professional networking, to gain visibility in this field. The Executive members will serve as a support to these consultants year-round, while also serving the larger 180DC community by providing seminars, workshops, networking opportunities, and socials. These aforementioned initiatives will further spread the mission of the 180DC organization within the University community and encourage members to connect with each other.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft180dc/')(2859, '881 Drama Club', '881 Drama Club was established in 2001. It is a Chinese society active at the University of Toronto and the largest Chinese drama club in Toronto. Every year, we present an annual drama and several short plays, at the same time, we also perform in cooperation with other social organizations and school clubs. Come and join us~', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/881dramaclub/')(2860, '(The) Students for AI Literacy at the University of Toronto (SAIL@UofT)', 'We are excited to introduce the ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/societyforailiteracy/')(2861, 'Big Spoon Lil Spoon University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'Big Spoon Lil Spoon is a program that builds relationships between university students and their community members with disabilities. The project runs affordable cooking workshops for children with disabilities, who are each partnered with a student.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/bigspoonlilspoon.utsg/?hl=en')(2862, 'Bahar Charity Group', 'Bahar Charity group is an Iranian non-profit group concerned about the individuals who need help around the world, especially our home country, Iran. Bahar Charity is without any political and religious attachments.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/baharcharity/')(2863, 'Bangladeshi Students’ Association, University of Toronto–St. George Campus', 'The Bangladeshi Students’ Association works to showcase and promote the Bangladeshi culture both on and off campus. It’s main objective, aside from creating an atmosphere conducive to social networking and cultural acceptance, is to raise money to send to underprivileged people around the world in hopes of increasing social development.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/bsa_uoft')(2864, 'Bachelor of Arts Architectural Studies Society (BAASS)', 'BAASS is a non-profit course union founded in 2000 for undergraduate architecture students. It is a student body that is actively engaged in providing an enriching and interesting extracurricular experience. The BAASS strives to ensure easier access to academic resources, general information and provides a direct communication link to the faculty and professors. Through various academic and social events like the annual lectures, graduate seminar and the portfolio seminar, BAASS strives to enhance the undergraduate learning experience, cultivate networking opportunities and provide a taste of possible career prospects for the future.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/bachelor-of-arts-architectural-studies-society-baass/')(2865, 'Astronomy Union (AU)', 'One of our most long-lived events is the monthly “tAUlks” that we organize to provide undergraduate students with a safe space to discover and share scientific articles, including their own research.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/au.uoft/')(2866, 'Azerbaijani Students Association', 'Azerbaijani Students Association is representing Azerbaijani Students at UOFT to behold and persevere our values in a culture and identity context. We hold events during the national holidays in Azerbaijan.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/azerbaijani-students-association/')(2867, 'Astronomy Students Association', 'The Graduate Astronomy Students Association (GASA) represents the academic, professional development, and social interests of graduate students in the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics (DAA).  GASA members actively promote these interests by liaising with staff and faculty, participating in DAA committees, planning departmental social events, and organizing public outreach.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/astronomy-students-association/')(2868, 'AstroTours', 'The purpose of AstroTours is to educate and inspire members of the public about wide range of fields within astronomy, including telescope instrumentation, spacecraft engineering, interpretations of astrophysical phemonema and theoretical predictions about our universe. AstroTours aims to reach a wide and varied audience by holding monthly talks given by graduate astronomy students. These talks are accessible to people of no science background and are followed by observing with the University of Toronto St George campus telescopes and planetarium shows. The goal of AstroTours is to increase science literacy and offer everyone the opportunity to speak with researchers in the field of astronomy about everything from recent scientific developments to age-old existential questions.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftastrotours/')(2869, 'Association of Renaissance Students (ARS)', 'Welcome to the Association of Renaissance Students!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ars.uoft/')(2870, 'Assyrian Chaldean Syriac Student Association (ACSSA)', 'The Assyrian Chaldean Syriac Student Union is a group that aims to connect those of a Mesopotamian background as well as those who are interested in it, in order to promote and preserve Mesopotamian culture through educational opportunities and social events.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/assyrian-chaldean-syriac-student-union-acssu/')(2871, 'Association of Political Science Students (APSS)', 'The Association of Political Science Students is the official Departmental course union for all undergraduate students enrolled in political science at the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utapss')(2872, 'Association of Macedonian Students at the University of Toronto', 'The Association of Macedonian Students at U of T is a student organization that brings together students of Macedonian origin at U of T with the goal of culturally enriching campus life and our U of T community.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/association-of-macedonian-students-at-the-university-of-toronto/')(2873, 'Asian Culture Association', 'The Asian Culture Association is a student-run club that aims to bring together a community of', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/asian-culture-association/')(2874, 'Asian Youth-Culture Student Association', 'AYA is committed to supporting, facilitating and organizing Asian youth cultural events.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utsg_aya/')(2875, 'Ascend University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'Ascend University of Toronto Student Chapter – AUT is a student-run organization that strives to enhance and develop members’ soft skills through conferences, workshops, and networking events. Ascend UofT Student Chapter aims to bring together students from all faculties within the University of Toronto in a collaborative and engaging atmosphere while building important skills towards future success.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ascenduoft/')(2876, 'Asian Institute Migration Analysis Association', 'The Asian Institute Migration Analysis Society (AIMAS) is a group dedicated to fostering engagement with issues of migration and displacement among students of diverse academic backgrounds. Each month features a new topic (e.g., refugee and migrant health disparities, environmental displacement, etc.) and biweekly meetings in which members engage in discussion of suggested reading material. Interested members are also invited to contribute to creative outputs such as blog posts that distill our main points of discussion. Given the intersectional nature human mobility, the group is open to all members of the UofT community regardless of one’s programme or level of study.\xa0We also seek to invite relevant practitioners and experts to engage in group discussions when possible.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/aimas_uoft?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet&igsh=ZDNlZDc0MzIxNw==')(2877, 'Arts & Science Students’ Union (ASSU)', 'ASSU is the official umbrella organization representing over 28,000 full-time undergraduate students registered in the Faculty of Arts and Science, St George campus. ASSU is made up of seven (7) elected Executive Members and over 60 Course Unions. ASSU works hard to ensure that the academic needs and concerns of all students are fulfilled. ASSU co-operates in students activities at the University and Provincial levels by working on many issues with the administration and other campus groups.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/arts-science-students-union-assu/')(2878, 'Armenian Students’ Association of the University of Toronto', 'The Armenian Student’s Association at the University of Toronto Saint George campus aims to gather Armenian students in order to promote and preserve Armenian culture. We attempt to connect and develop positive relationships with other cultural groups around the campus in hopes of promoting unity and diversity at the University of Toronto. We welcome all interested U of T students to attend our meetings, social gatherings and other cultural events.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/armenian-students-association-of-the-university-of-toronto/')(2879, 'Chemistry Graduate Student Union (ChemClub)', 'We are an enthusiastic group of chemistry graduate students who seek to serve students in our department. We operate a store in the Lash Miller Chemical Laboratories to give undergraduate students a one-stop-shop for lab materials. Proceeds from the store go to help the Department of Chemistry maintain their outstanding undergraduate laboratories, to provide scholarships for students, and to fund various events during the year to enhance student life. In addition, ChemClub uses the funds to support many other academic and charitable causes.\xa0ChemClub is here for undergraduates and graduate students alike. Whether you are a first-year undergrad or a student finishing up a Ph.D., we are here to help you on your academic journey.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/chemistry-graduate-student-union-chemclub/')(2880, 'Chemistry Students’ Union', 'The Chemistry Students’ Union (CSU) is a student run organization acting as the representative voice for all undergraduate students enrolled in a chemistry course. We hold social and academic events which strive to bring together students who share an interest in the discipline. You can always e-mail us if you have any suggestions or concerns about courses, instructors, or anything else on your mind and we will try our best to help. To find out more about the CSU and our events, please visit our website at www.mycsu.ca, and also look for our notices on upcoming events in Lash Miller.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/csu_uoft/')(2881, 'Chemical Engineering Graduate Student Association (CEGSA)', 'We are an organization dedicated to representing all of the graduate students in the department of Chemical Engineering and Applied Chemistry. Our mission revolves around 3 pillars:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/cegsa.utoronto/')(2882, 'Charitable Indulgence', 'Produce and sell treat boxes with the goal of making a difference in our communities, within and beyond Canadian borders, by supporting them financially and ensuring the protection and wellbeing of the most vulnerable.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/charitableindulgence.uoft/')(2883, 'Association of Part-Time Undergraduate Students (APUS)', 'The mission of the Association of Part-time Undergraduate Students (APUS) is to ensure that part-time undergraduate students have access to the full range of programs, services and resources at the University of Toronto in order to improve the quality of the part-time undergraduate educational experience.', '', 'IN', 'http://www.instagram.com/apus97')(2884, 'Chem Club', 'Chem Club (The Undergraduate Chemical Engineering Council) is the student council for Chemical Engineering students at the University of Toronto. We help to bridge the gap between students, faculty, and the Skule™ community. Some of the things we do are: host events throughout the year (“Walburger” BBQ’s, ski trips, the annual Dinner Dance), provide opportunities for students and faculty to interact (mixers), and manage the chemical engineering undergraduate common room (WB 238).', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/chemclubuoft/')(2885, 'Chan Meditation Group', 'Chan Meditation Group (CMG) is a campus organization that promotes mindfulness and provides different methods of dealing with daily stress. Our meditation teachers are from the Dharma Drum Mountain Buddhist Association (DDMBA), and the teachings are based on traditional Chan (Zen) Buddhism. We are dedicated to people’s spiritual and educational needs at all stages of their lives. Members of CMG organize weekly meditation introductory courses on Fridays from 7-9 pm in the 3rd-floor Quiet Room at Multi-Faith Centre (569 Spadina Cresent). Everyone is welcome to drop in, even without previous meditation experiences.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/chan-meditation-group/')(2886, 'Center for New Immigrant Well-Being (CNIW) – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'CNIW Students & Youth Committee’s vision is to preserve CNIW’s heritage, raise future leaders and decision-makers, and build a platform that will enhance the quality of life, health, and well-being of the younger Chinese Canadian generations.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/center-for-new-immigrant-well-being-cniw-university-of-toronto-chapter/')(2887, 'Celtic Studies Course Union', 'The Celtic Studies Course Union aims to unite students enrolled in the Celtic Studies program. Members of the union participate in free lectures, study sessions and are able to receive tutoring, organised by the union’s executive members. Although mainly academic, the union also organises various social events including music and movie nights, dances and professor/student socials. The union seeks to create a social environment for students with common interests as well as provide them with the tools to excel within the classroom, and to explore their interest beyond it.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/celtic-studies-course-union/')(2888, 'Cell and Systems Biology Students’ Union (CSBSU)', 'The Cells and Systems Biology Students’ Union (CSBSU) is a student run organization working to better student life for all undergraduates enrolled in various biology related courses. We promote and facilitate communication between staff/faculty from the CSB department to students within the program. Any and all University of Toronto students and staff are welcome to participate in our seminars, lectures, social activities and meetings.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/csbsu_uoft/')(2889, 'Cell & System Biology Student Union (CSBSU) Mentorship Program', 'The Cell and Systems Biology Student Union (CSBSU) represents the undergraduate student population enrolled in CSB courses. The Union works to better the undergraduate experience in CSB courses by facilitating communication between students and the staff/faculty members in the department. The CSBSU Mentorship Program connects upper year students with first and second year students. The Peer Mentor facilitated discussions, fostered a supportive learning community and developed their communication skills by offering academic support and guidance. The Mentee met with their mentor throughout the year to discuss topics and/or attend events related to academics, research, and social networking.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/cell-system-biology-student-union-csbsu-mentorship-program/')(2890, 'CAUSE Tutoring Toronto Chapter', 'CAUSE Tutoring is a federally-accredited charity that provides free tutoring to clients at various organizations in Toronto, with a focus on underprivileged youth populations. We are looking for dedicated U of T students who are passionate about giving back to their local communities. Please email causetoronto@gmail.com if you have any questions.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/cause-tutoring-toronto-chapter/')(2891, 'Capes for Kids Club (CKC)', 'Capes for Kids is an annual fundraiser run by Holland Bloorview Kids Rehabilitation Hospital. Every year, thousands of individuals, teams, and businesses take part in raising money and awareness for youth with disabilities. Our club is committed to ending the stigmas surrounding youth with disabilities, learning about this issue together, and raising funds for Holland Bloorview’s 2024 fundraiser.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcapesforkids/')(2892, 'Cards4Humanity', 'Our mission is to eliminate the stigma that surrounds the act of giving money to people who are asking for funds on the streets. We fulfill our mission by distributing gift cards for food enterprises or businesses that carry hygiene products, in the place of distributing cash. For individuals who are homeless, this provides meaningful access to food, water, and care resources. These gift cards will be distributed during monthly student-led outings, facilitated by the club’s executive members. The club will run events and fundraisers throughout the year in order to purchase gift cards which will be distributed during outings. Our ultimate goal is to provide resources for Toronto’s homeless community by collaborating with community partners, and by generating awareness about issues related to homelessness.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.cards4humanity/')(2893, 'Cats at the University of Toronto Student Club (C.A.T UofT S.C)', 'Whether you already have a cat or simply adore them, this club offers a warm and inclusive space for you to connect with other cat enthusiasts and celebrate the joys of cat ownership.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.cats/')(2894, 'Canadian Undergraduates in Behavioural Science (CUBS)', 'We are a multi-disciplinary community of students at the university of Toronto that educates and conducts experiments in Behavioural Economics.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/cubs_uoft/')(2895, 'Caribbean Studies Students Union (CARSSU)', 'The Caribbean Studies Students Union (CARSSU) is the academic student group representing all full-time undergraduate students who are enrolled in a Caribbean Studies course or program at the University of Toronto.  The overarching objective of CARSSU is two-fold: (a) to promote and advocate for improvements to the Caribbean Studies program at the University of Toronto (St. George) and provide diverse representation and support for members of the Caribbean Studies Program and (b) to organize with its membership to advocate for the betterment of the Caribbean region and its diaspora, through knowledge sharing in social and community-based programming.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/carssuoft/')(2896, 'Canadian Studies Student Union', 'As an active undergraduate student association at University College, the CSSU is the voice of majors, minors and specialists in the Canadian Studies program. For information about the CSSU, please contact the Canadian Studies program office', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/canadian-studies-student-union/')(2897, 'Canadian Politics Club', 'The Canadian Politics Club engages students at the University of Toronto by providing events and opportunities that foster an interest in Canadian politics. We host a two-day first ministers simulation meant to recreate a federal-provincial conference between the Prime Ministers and Premiers of the provinces and territories of Canada. This simulation aims to provide an opportunity for interested students to learn about intergovernmental relations and engage in respectful and productive discussion around important political issues in Canada. In addition to this main event, we host meetings throughout the year, including election viewing events, expert panels, debates and professor-led discussions.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcanpol/')(2898, 'Canadian Courage Project UTSG Student Chapter', 'This is the UofT Chapter for The Canadian Courage Project, a non-profit organization that supports youth facing homelessness and their animal companions. We strive to promote the mental well-being and health of youth through mindfulness, education, and resources. Our mission is to support youth transitioning out of shelters into independent housing with the different programs and services we offer.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/canadian-courage-project-utsg/')(2899, 'Canadian Black Nurses Alliance – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'The purpose of Canadian Black Nurses Alliance – University of Toronto is to create a community where Black nursing students across all levels and sites of the program feel seen and connected. With the support of the CBNA, CBNA-UofT will work to equip Black nursing students with resources for a successful academic journey and career, ensure equal access to opportunities for Black nursing students, and inspire these students to step boldly into their nursing career, while helping them with any challenges they may face.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/canadian-black-nurses-alliance-university-of-toronto/')(2900, 'Canadian Feed The Children @ UofT', 'Canadian Feed The Children @ UofT aims to fundraise for the Canadian Feed The Children charity organization with which we are partnered. We also intend to advocate for child food security, education & welfare within Indigenous Communities in Canada, as well as communities worldwide.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/cftcuoft/')(2901, 'Deeper Life Campus Fellowship', 'DLCF lead students, non-students and other members of the campus community and the society to a personal encounter with the Saviour and Lord Jesus Christ through repentance and faith in the vicarious sacrifice he procured at the cross of Calvary with His blood.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/deeper-life-campus-fellowship/')(2902, 'Dalla Lana School of Public Health Students’ Association', 'The PHSA is the representative body of masters and doctoral students enrolled in the Graduate Department of Public Health Sciences at the Dalla Lana School of Public Health at the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_phsa/?hl=en')(2903, 'Cultural Exchange Society', 'Foster understanding and appreciation of different cultures though events, language exchange, and cultural celebrations with experiential learning.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftces/')(2904, 'Cupid’s Arrow', 'Our club aims to provide a safe social platform for UofT students who are seeking or wanting to encounter a healthy romantic relationship or just looking for a simple friendship.To achieve our mission and goals, we will be holding both on and off-campus social activities that include but not limited to board game meet and greets, group hikes, picnics, karaoke nights, on campus movie nights, and small group dinner dates. For small group activities, a group leader will be assigned to each team (one of our UTC members) and will be responsible for supervising and ensuring the safety of participated members. For large group activities, executives will take the same type of responsibilities as a group leader mentioned above.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utca.angel/')(2905, 'Cross-Border Health Education Student Self-Advocacy and Support Network (CBN)', 'The Cross-Border Health Education Student Self-Advocacy and Support Network (CBN) is a student club that seeks to help international students connect and build supportive relationships with other domestic and international students within the Temerty Faculty of Medicine and Faculty of Kinesiology and Physical Education. CBN helps to organize social events for the purposes of socializing, sharing knowledge, and forming lasting friendships among students of different years and faculties. In essence, CBN works to address and dismantle unequal power dynamics between domestic and international students by encouraging an environment that values a diversity of cultures and worldviews while also challenging Western imperialism.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcbn')(2906, 'Criminology & Sociolegal Studies Students’ Association (CRIMSA)', 'The Criminology & Sociolegal Studies Students’ Association (CRIMSA) is an organization of undergraduate Criminology & Sociolegal Studies students at the University of Toronto. It is an official member of the Arts and Science Students’ Union (ASSU). Its purpose is to extend the learning experience for program students beyond the classroom by broadening the students’ participation in the life of the Criminology & Sociolegal Studies program and at the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcrimsa/')(2907, 'Creative Writing Club', 'Creative Writing Club is a student founded club where we aim to give people a space to be creative and connect with fellow writers. The club attempts to give students a break from the pressure of academic writing by offering workshops in which we play games, discuss, and give advice on topics such as writer’s block or character creation. Before every workshop, we send out a theme and props for people to write about, so that they can share their writing in the workshop, this last part is 100% voluntary and not at all needed to participate in the games and discussions. However, we do recommend sending in submissions and sharing them with the club. This is a great opportunity to lose fear of sharing your writing and to receive positive feedback from fellow writers. This club is a welcoming space for those who are trying creative writing for the first time, those who have mostly done academic writing and want to diversify their skills, as well as those who have further experience and simply enjoy sharing with fellow writers.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/creative-writing-club/')(2908, 'Crochet for a Cause (CFC)', 'Crochet for a Cause is a club aiming to celebrate textile arts and bring warmth to those in need. We craft and donate hats, gloves, scarves and more using a variety of fiber arts. Our events provide a welcoming space for socialization and crafting, as well as times where you can drop off any handmade apparel you would like to donate. All levels skill levels and textile arts are welcome!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcrochetforacause/?hl=en')(2909, 'Creative Expression and Society Student Union', 'The Creative Expression and Society Student Union shall offer the opportunity for students within the program to engage with their fellow students through relevant learning activities. Our goal is to enhance their learning experience within this program. We shall create these opportunities through extracurricular academic events, as well as more social events to create a sense of community. Other support we offer includes a possible platform for work produced in the writing classes within the program, and the chance to interact with and learn from relevant professors and professionals.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ces.su/')(2910, 'Connections: A Group for Black Women (Connections AGFBW)', '\n\t\t\t', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/connectionsagfbw')(2911, 'Council For Exceptional Children, OISE/UT Student Chapter 1175', 'The Council for Exceptional Children (CEC) is an international community of professionals who are the voice and vision of special education. The CEC OISE/UT Chapter 1175’s mission is to improve, through excellence, professional development, resource-sharing, and advocacy. The student chapter will accomplish our goal by providing professional learning opportunities, which will help students and members of the education community achieve the skills and resources necessary for effective professional practice. The CEC OISE/UT Chapter 1175 organizes a variety of workshops throughout the year, which cover a range of topics related to special education.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/council-for-exceptional-children-oise-ut-chapter-1175/')(2912, 'Contemporary Asian Studies Student Union', 'The Contemporary Asian Studies Student Union (formerly known as the Pan-Asia Student Society) is the undergraduate course union for the Contemporary Asian Studies program at the University of Toronto. The group was founded in 2010 by students in the Dr. David Chu Asia Pacific Studies program, and strives to strengthen students’ understanding towards contemporary Asia from a global perspective in a non-classroom setting. Through organizing social, cultural, academic and professional events related to Asia, CASSU also sets to enhance students’ interests for the region.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/contemporary-asian-studies-student-union/')(2913, 'Confederation of Laboratory Medicine and Pathobiology Students', 'While you’re enrolled in our department, consider that your time spent here could be much more than performing research and attending classes. While that is important and significant, what is also important is the experience you derive. There is much more outside the laboratory setting that could help make the time spent earning your degree more enriching, educational, enjoyable, and just plain fun. CLAMPS (the Confederation of Laboratory Medicine and Pathobiology Students) is the annually elected executive council of the student body of the Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathobiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/clampstagram/')(2914, 'Concussion Legacy Foundation UofT Student Chapter (CLF UofT)', 'Concussion Legacy Foundation University of Toronto (CLF UofT) is a concussion education program for students and athletes. We are a university chapter of the Concussion Legacy Foundation Canada, which was founded to advance the study, treatment, and prevention of the effects of brain trauma in athletes and other at-risk groups.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/concussion.can.uoft')(2915, 'Concrete Canoe Team', 'The U of T Concrete Canoe Team is a fun interdisciplinary team that designs, builds, and races a fully functional concrete canoe at the annual national competition. Team members spend their time during the year recruiting new members, securing sponsorships, running events, training to paddle, learning to cast concrete, doing analysis of hull designs and concrete mixes, preparing a technical report and detailed engineering notebook, as well as actually building and refining the canoe (sanding, decorating, sealing). In the past few years the team has consistently performed among the top in Canada and best in Ontario.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftconcretecanoe/')(2916, 'Forestry Graduate Student Association', 'The FGSA is a student lead group that acts as a voice for students taking forestry courses. The FGSA is\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/forestry-graduate-student-association/')(2917, 'Footprint Publication', 'Footprint Publication is the pioneering Chinese student publication at the University of Toronto, founded in 1982 by a group of students from Hong Kong and Macau. We are dedicated to promote Chinese culture by offering a medium for exchanging ideas, voicing the concerns of students and fulfilling social responsibilities. We have demonstrated this through publishing newspapers and magazines on various topics, as well as organizing events such as writing competitions and lyrics rewriting competitions to inspire creativity in students.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utfootprint/')(2918, 'Fly with Origami, Learn to Dream Students (UTFOLDs)', 'Fly with Origami, Learn to Dream students (UTFOLDs) is an organization committed to promoting the entertainment and educational values of origami, a traditional art form that encourages hands-on exploration and creative thinking. The various workshops and events will serve as a medium through which U of T students can enrich the lives of children, seniors, their families, and each other.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utfold/')(2919, 'Foresters’ Club', 'The Foresters’ Club aims to build and maintain a community of undergraduate students who are enrolled in forestry programs, forestry courses, or have a general/career interest pertaining to the field of forestry and foster a positive and academically encouraging environment to students taking forestry courses. Through events (social, environmental, and athletic), club members and a dedicated executive team, we aim to build a community of students, faculty, and staff that will remember their times at Forestry for the years to come. The club also maintains ties with the Forestry Graduate Students’ Association in order to provide mentorship to club members and to participate in athletic competitions and casual activities.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/forestersclub/')(2920, 'Flourish UofT', 'The mission of DeepSpark is to provide students who are interested in becoming psychotherapists or learning about psychotherapy with the resources and opportunities to expand their knowledge, skills, and practical experience in this field. Our club aims to provide members with workshops, guest speakers, and practice sessions that cover various topics and approaches to psychotherapy, as well as opportunities to connect with professionals in the field and gain real-life experience in providing psychotherapy. Through DeepSpark, members will gain valuable skills and experience that will not only help them with their future aspirations but also their personal growth.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/deepspark-uoft-3/')(2921, 'Filipino Students’ Association of Toronto (FSAT)', 'The Filipino Students’ Association of Toronto (FSAT) has as its mandate the task of representing Filipino students and Filipino culture at the St. George Campus of the University of Toronto; to increase awareness of the Filipino community and of Filipino culture.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/fsa.utoronto/')(2922, 'Feminist Equal Rights Alliance (FERA)', 'Our mission is to ensure the University of Toronto is an inclusive and equitable institution for all, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, sexual expression, race, religion, (dis)ability, nationality, etc.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ferauoft/')(2923, 'Fearless Voice', '\xa0', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/fearlessvoiceclub/?igshid=OGQ5ZDc2ODk2ZA%3D%3D')(2924, 'Fascinated Labrats Unraveling Biology (FLUB)', 'The mission of FLUB is to bring awareness to the current research in Biology. Our club aims to create social media content and host events dedicated to popularizing science. This year we will investigate the topic “Explaining the Biochemistry of Neurological Disorders”, so stay tuned for the labrats’ future adventures!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/flub.uoft?igsh=dDFqdzVuZGc3NTR3')(2925, 'Falun Dafa Practice and Study Group at U of T', 'Falun Dafa, also known as Falun Gong, is a traditional Chinese spiritual discipline for mind and body. Its principles are based on Truthfulness, Compassion, and Tolerance. The group aims to spread Falun Dafa to the community of University of Toronto, and its activities include group practice/study, free-of-charge instructional classes, information seminars, etc.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/falun-dafa-practice-and-study-group-at-u-of-t/')(2926, 'Faculty of Music Undergraduate Association (FMUA)', 'The Faculty of Music Undergraduate Association (FMUA) is the official undergraduate student society of the Faculty of Music.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/fmua_uoft/?hl=en')(2927, 'Factor-Inwentash Faculty of Social Work Graduate Student Association', 'The Graduate Student Association (GSA) was founded in 1941 and is regarded as an essential element in the life of the Factor-Inwentash Faculty of Social Work (FIFSW). It is associated with the Graduate Students’ Union (GSU) at the University of Toronto and includes all Master of Social Work (MSW) students enrolled in the FIFSW. The GSA meets regularly with the Dean, the Associate Dean, and Faculty staff to advocate for students and coordinate student activities in the educational and political processes of the Faculty.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/gsa.fifsw/')(2928, 'Exercise is Medicine Canada @ U of T', 'Exercise is Medicine Canada (EIMC) provides national leadership in promoting physical activity as a chronic disease prevention and management strategy to improve the health of Canadians.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/exercise-is-medicine-canada-at-uoft/')(2929, 'European Studies Students’ Association', 'The European Studies Students’ Association (ESSA) at the University of Toronto is the official course union for the European Affairs program run out of the Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy. We aim to build a network of undergraduate and graduate students who are interested in European culture and affairs.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/essauoft/?hl=en')(2930, 'Hart House Film Board', 'The Hart House Film Board exists to provide assistance to film and video artists who are students at the University of Toronto or senior members of Hart House. The Film Board fulfills this through the following means:', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-film-board/')(2931, 'Hart House Chamber Strings', 'Hart House Chamber Strings is a student-run ensemble at Hart House, University of Toronto, conducted by Oliver Balaburski. They perform three concerts per year including a Pops concert in the Winter collaborating with local singer songwriters.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-chamber-strings/')(2932, 'Hart House Debating Club', 'The Hart House Debating Club provides a space for University of Toronto students to hone their speaking skills and explore new perspectives, attitudes, and ideas. It aims to help students develop the tools necessary to express themselves as well as the confidence to both defend and question their beliefs.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-debating-club/')(2933, 'Hart House Chess Club', 'The Hart House Chess Club offers a friendly gathering place for chess-playing UofT students of all skill levels. We seek to build community and learning opportunities around the game of chess both at the University of Toronto and throughout the Greater Toronto Area. The club organizes regular internal competitions, lectures and open tournaments as well as regular weekly play.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-chess-club/')(2934, 'Hart House Chorus', 'The aim of the Hart House Chorus is to provide talented musicians the opportunity to pursue excellence in music in a friendly, focused environment alongside individuals who share similar interests.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-chorus/')(2935, 'Hart House Camera Club', 'What’s in a picture? Anyone can take a photo, but understanding photography as a powerful tool to communicate can truly change the world. At the Hart House Camera Club, we believe a solid grounding in photographic techniques is only one part of creating compelling images that communicate volumes. A subtle medium, photography is endlessly flexible in meeting your needs to create, express, witness, or simply just have some fun. So, clearly, there’s a lot in a picture and that includes you.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-camera-club/')(2936, 'Hart House – U of T Film Festival', 'The University of Toronto Film Festival is held at Hart House annually in March and we host a Fall Screening party every year in September.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-u-of-t-film-festival/')(2937, 'Hart House Bridge Club', 'The Hart House Bridge Club is dedicated to playing bridge. New members of all levels of play (from never played before to never go a week without playing) are always welcome.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-bridge-club/')(2938, 'Hart House Archery Club', 'Archery is a sport where individuals get together and shoot at targets and silhouettes while having a great time. Hart House Archery Club is a recreational club which means that archers can come in and shoot during regular range hours. There is no minimum time requirement and of course no maximum time limit. Equipment and instruction are available for all levels of archers, from beginner to expert.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-archery-club/')(2939, 'Gujarati Students Association', 'The Guajarati students association at the University of Toronto strives to promote and celebrate the Gujju culture. Our main objective as an organization is to bring everyone Gujaratis and non-Gujaratis closer together through our culture and celebrations. We hope to provide a platform for students to become familiar with the Gujarati culture, overall contributing to the diversity at UofT.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/gujarati-students-association/')(2940, 'Habitat for Humanity UofT Student Chapter', 'The Habitat for Humanity UofT Student Chapter (UofT HFH) aims to coordinate with Habitat for Humanity GTA to provide students with volunteer opportunities while simultaneously bringing awareness to the issue of housing insecurity across the GTA. Through collaborating with Habitat for Humanity, we hope to bring awareness to the variety of work that the organization does whether this is in through volunteer work in the ReStore, community build days, or fundraising projects.\xa0UofT HFH is open to all students interested in housing justice, or those looking to get involved in the community.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/habitat-for-humanity-uoft-student-chapter/')(2941, 'Grenville Island', 'Hailing from the heart of the University of Toronto, Granville Island, commonly known by its acronym GVI, stands as a testament to the universality of music. Bridging cultures and languages, this unique ensemble delves into a harmonious blend of Japanese, Chinese, and English cover songs, presenting a fusion of Eastern melodies with Western rhythms. GVI is not just a band; it’s a club, a community, a movement.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/grenville-island/')(2942, 'Greek Students’ Association of the University of Toronto', 'The Greek Students’ Association, or GSA, is a student run group at the University of Toronto: St. George Campus. Our mission is to bring students of Greek descent together as often as possible to celebrate our heritage and share in the experience of university life. The GSA acts as a social network by taking part and organizing many events throughout the school year.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftgreeks/')(2943, 'Green Chemistry Initiative (GCI)', 'The Green Chemistry Initiative (GCI) is a student-run organization based in the Department of Chemistry in the University of Toronto. We aim to provide green chemistry resources in order to promote sustainability in chemistry research and education.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/greenchemuoft')(2944, 'Graduate Union of the Students of Art', 'Graduate Union of the Students of Art (GUStA)', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-union-of-the-students-of-art/')(2945, 'Graduate Super Women Engineers University of Toronto (GradSWE)', 'We are a U of T graduate student group of self-identifying women engineer volunteers working to build a supportive and inclusive community for students in STEM at U of T. We are supported by the Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering and organize community building and professional development events for the graduate students throughout the academic year. We are also engaged in collaborating with and supporting other student groups on campus.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/gradsweuoft/')(2946, 'Graduate Students’ Association of Italian Studies', 'Graduate Students’ Association of Italian Studies (GSAIS)', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-students-association-of-italian-studies/')(2947, 'Hart House Student Art Committee', 'A committee of contemporary art enthusiasts curates the walls and halls of Hart House, organizes studio visits with Toronto’s foremost artists, trips to prominent local galleries, and acquires new work for the House. The Hart House Art Committee provides students who are passionate and/or curious about the world of art (outside of lecture halls) an opportunity to meet like-minded individuals and work together to connect Hart House to Toronto’s vibrant art scene.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-student-art-committee/')(2948, 'Innis Garden Club', 'Innis Garden Club is open to all UofT students who want to contribute to a blooming project of sustainability happening on campus. Located at Innis College, the Innis Garden aims to grow fresh produce to give to students. With a casual drop-in schedule, volunteer tasks include watering, planting and harvesting vegetables.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/innis-garden-club/')(2949, 'Innis College Student Society (ICSS)', 'The ICSS is committed to providing educational, political, social and athletic services to all students enrolled at Innis College and all students who live within Innis Residence. The ICSS hopes that this website will help to provide these services more effectively and efficiently, by increasing communication and accessibility.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/innis-college-student-society-icss/')(2950, 'Inner Peace Connection', 'Inner Peace Connection Club aims to help students overcome the stress and chaos they face in university by providing academic and mental support, as well as a sense of belonging. We host sessions that allow people to get together and chat, meditate, support and encourage each other', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/inner-peace-connection/')(2951, 'Inkling Writers Circle', 'Inkling provides writers with a comfortable setting to practice their craft in the company of those who share their passion for the written word. A large obstacle in the path of most writers is the anxiety that comes with sharing their work. This organization aims to remove that obstacle by cultivating a safe space where members can pursue their writing goals may be. Weekly sessions will bring members together, providing the opportunity, among other things, to workshop their writing, find critique partners, share helpful resources, participate in writing sprints, and discuss their challenges and goals. Inkling seeks to nourish a community that supports one another in their writing ambitions.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/inkling.writers.circle/')(2952, 'Industrial Relations and Human Resources Student Association', 'The IRHR Student Association (IRHRSA) is an organization of undergraduate Industrial Relations and Human Resources students at U of T. It is an official member of the Arts and Science Students’ Union (ASSU). Its purpose is to enhance the experience of IRHR students beyond the classroom by organizing social and career-related events.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.irhrsa/')(2953, 'Industrial Engineering Club', 'Our club consists of Industrial engineering students from each all years.  We plan events for Industrial Engineers, and provide them with information about the department, their studies, courses, etc.  We also represent the Undergraduate Industrial Engineering student body at faculty meetings so that they can have their voice heard through their class representatives.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/industrial-engineering-club/')(2954, 'Indigenous Studies Students’ Union (ISSU)', 'The Indigenous Studies Students’ Union is a course union within the Arts and Science Students’ Union. The voting membership of the Indigenous Studies Students’ Union includes all University of Toronto students either enrolled in the Indigenous Studies Program and/or all University of Toronto students taking at least one Indigenous Studies course. The non-voting membership of ISSU is open to any University of Toronto student, staff, faculty, and alumni who does not satisfy the requirements of the voting membership. ISSU operates through a non-hierarchic structure of five committees which collectively and democratically vote (through consensus) in all decision-making processes. ISSU aims to provide events and programs which are open to all and which allow students from diverse backgrounds to come together in a horizontal, inclusive space for the common purpose of engaging with Indigenous knowledges and activities. All members are encouraged to engage with ISSU by joining one of ISSU’s five committees (Social Functions, Communications, Finance, Membership Intake, and Membership Support). Committee roles are fluid and voluntary, and any member may put forward their ideas to expand or add to ISSU functions. Ultimately, ISSU strives to create a platform from which all members can pursue their passions.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/indigenous-studies-students-union-issu/')(2955, 'Indigenous Students Association', 'The ISA is committed to the spiritual, physical, emotional and mental well-being of the Indigenous (First Nations, Inuit, and Metis) student body and community members.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/indigenous-students-association/')(2956, 'Indian Students’ Organization', 'The Indian Students’ Organization, is a student-run organization, recognized by the University of Toronto, that strives to celebrate and propagate a rich multicultural India through heritage, food, commerce, art, thought, awareness, and more at the University of Toronto. Our mission is to integrate the student society at the university by presenting a diverse India in a friendly way for our Indian and non-Indian community members to learn and understand our country’s and culture’s true nature and involving those of Indian origin in more than just a social manner.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/isouoft/')(2957, 'Inclusive Communities Canada – U of T Student Chapter (ICCan UofT)', 'Our mission is to inspire change and promote inclusion among children/youth in the Toronto community. Inclusive Communities Canada – U of T acts to advocate for inclusion of children/youth of all abilities in education, community programming and recreation. We seek to do this through hosting events to spread awareness and raise money for our programs, partnering with local community centres, and offering resources to encourage inclusion for children/youth.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/inclusive-communities-canada-u-of-t/')(2958, 'Immunology Student Association', 'The Immunology Students’ Association (IMMSA) is a student-run organization representing all students enrolled in the Immunology Specialist and Major Program, as well as those who have taken an ‘IMM’ course at the University of Toronto. Our goal is to promote cohesiveness within the undergraduate department and bringing together students with their peers in the faculty. This is facilitated through academic research seminars, social events, athletic events and other initiatives. IMMSA provides an opportunity for students to get involved in various activities and to offer suggestions and new ideas to make the undergraduate experience as an Immunology student more edifying and enjoyable.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/immsta/')(2959, 'Imagining Otherwise: Dialogues on Psychotherapy’s Past, Present, and Future', 'Imagining Otherwise: Dialogues on Psychotherapy’s Past, Present, and Future is an OISE student-led speaker series for students and community-based practitioners to gather and exchange ideas concerning critical practice in psychotherapy. Each year, the organizing committee invites speakers from various communities whose work is situated at the intersections of race, gender, sexuality, disability, class, and other social locations. The goal of the speaker series is to advance our understanding of psychotherapy with practicing professionals offering expertise in their fields. Participants are invited to reflect on how psychotherapy’s past informs its present need for change, imagine future possibilities for psychotherapy’s place within our society, and explore professional, personal, and ethical responsibilities as the next generation of psychotherapists in Canada and beyond.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/imagining-otherwise-dialogues-on-psychotherapys-past-present-and-future/')(2960, 'Humans Vs. Zombies & Nerf Club (HVZNC)', 'This is a group dedicated to organizing Nerf wars and Humans Vs. Zombies games on or near the University of Toronto St. George campus. You do not need to own a blaster to participate; come and join us for some foam-flinging fun!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/humans-vs-zombies-nerf-club-hvznc/')(2961, 'Immunology Graduate Students’ Association', 'A description has not been provided to the Office of Student Affairs.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/immunology-graduate-students-association/')(2962, 'Human Biology Students’ Union', 'HBSU holds many events and activities each year that are aimed primarily to give a sense of community to all our students; a place to meet new friends and to find support in any way. Many of these events are held as way to introduce and assist students into future endeavours and career paths. These events include our Graduate School Fair, two Medical School Symposiums, Road to Research event, and several academic seminars and lectures. We also host movie nights, pub nights, and a year-end life science formal. HBSU prioritizes in making our students feel welcome so that they may enjoy their undergraduate experience to its fullest.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofthbsu')(2963, 'History of Art Students’ Association (HASA)', 'History of Art Students’ Association (HASA) represents students from both Art History and Visual Studies. Our purpose is to promote student involvement at the University. HASA organizes academic and social events for students in Fine Art and Visual Studies. If you would like to get involved or find out more about HASA, please check our website at http://www.fineart.utoronto.ca/fasu/', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/history-of-art-students-association-hasa/')(2964, 'Human Factors Interest Group (HFIG)', 'The Human Factors Interest Group (HFIG), a student chapter affiliated with the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society (HFES), is organized to serve the needs of the human factors community at the University of Toronto. Its purpose is to promote and advance the understanding of the human factors involved in the design, manufacture, and use of machines, systems, environments and devices of all kinds through the development and exchange of knowledge and methodology in the behavioural, biological, physical, and applied sciences.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_hfig')(2965, 'Jane Goodall’s Roots and Shoots: 2024 Student Chapter', 'Jane Goodall’s Roots and Shoots” 2023 Chapter is a recognised post secondary chapter affiliated with Jane Goodall’s Roots & Shoots.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/roots.shoots.uoft/')(2966, 'ICP Innovators Collective (IIC)', ' ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/icp-innovators-collective-iic/')(2967, 'History Students’ Association (HSA)', 'The History Students’ Association is a course union aimed at bringing together students and professors with a common interest in history here at the University of Toronto. Anyone who has taken a half-course or is enrolled in a history program at the University of Toronto on the St. George campus is considered to be a part of this association. We work on bringing in activities and events that would enable history students studying here at the university to become more comfortable and for them to gain more knowledge and more interest in history outside the classrooms. We host social events and academic talks, offer a mentorship program, host an annual research conference, and publish an annual journal.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofthsa')(2968, 'Mandarin Chinese Christian Fellowship For Students (UTMCCF)', 'UTMCCF is a fellowship that is founded to show and live God’s love. We hope that other than every Sunday’s church gathering, we are able to come together to learn God’s word and build friendships. Whether you believe in Christ or not, we welcome all to join us.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_mccf/')(2969, 'Malaysian Singaporean Students Association (MSSA)', '\xa0', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/malaysian-singaporean-students-associatioin-mssa/')(2970, 'Love146 University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'The mission and mandate of the Love146 University of Toronto Chapter are in line with the mission of our parent organization, Love146 INGO (International Non-Governmental Organization). Love146’s mission and mandate are outlined below:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ut146/?hl=en')(2971, 'Loretto College House Council', 'The Loretto College House Council at the University of St. Michael’s College is elected by the students and works on their behalf to make their residence experience rewarding. Throughout the year, the House Council organizes social activities and celebrations to foster a sense of community spirit among the residents.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/loretto-college-house-council/')(2972, 'Living Faith', 'Living Faith is a group of Christians seeking to love, serve and help students come to know the love of God by experience through a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. The group seeks to help each other to grow in their own love relationship with Christ and to let God accomplish His will through their lives.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/living-faith/')(2973, 'Literary Lumière', 'Literary Lumière was established in 2024 to celebrate and embrace literature in all its forms and foster a community where every voice matters! We host book clubs, movie viewings, study sessions, and more. \xa0In addition to journals and magazines published by Literary Lumière members, we hope to share and provoke thought for all forms of media.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/literarylumiereclub/')(2974, 'Logos Fellowship', '\xa0', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/logos-fellowship-2/')(2975, 'Linyun Cultural Association', 'UTLCA establishes an interactive platform of communication for U of T students with diverse backgrounds. We would like to provide opportunities to promote cultural identity, emphasize the importance of cultural inheritance. In addition, we will host regular events during the terms to introduce traditional Chinese literature to cultural learners and international students around the globe.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/linyun-cultural-association/')(2976, 'Linguistics Graduate Course Union', 'The course union for graduate students in the Linguistics Department at the University of Toronto', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/linguistics-graduate-course-union/')(2977, 'Life Science Connection', 'Life science connection', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/lsc_ut/')(2978, 'Librarians Without Borders – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'Our goal at Librarians Without Borders University of Toronto is to address the information resource inequity that exists on both a local and international level. We do this through collaborative efforts with the University of Toronto iSchool and our parent organization Librarians Without Borders. Our local/global fundraising and awareness initiatives enable us to contribute to the access of information in diverse communities.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/lwb_uoft/')(2979, 'Life Science Career Development Syndicate (LSCDS)', 'The Life Sciences Career Development Syndicate (LSCDS) is a student-run initiative with support from the Temerty Faculty of Medicine and School of Graduate Studies. The goal of our organization is to familiarize graduate students with various career paths that can stem from a life sciences graduate degree. The LSCDS aims to bridge the gap between academia and industry for life sciences graduate students and postgraduate research trainees by providing opportunities to build career knowledge and network with professionals.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/lscdsuoft/')(2980, 'Lebanese Student Association', 'The University of Toronto Lebanese Student Association (UTSGLSA) is a vibrant and inclusive group dedicated to fostering a sense of belonging and unity among Lebanese students and those interested in Lebanese culture. Our mission goes beyond the borders of the campus; we are committed to raising funds for non-profit charity organizations in Lebanon to support humanitarian causes close to our hearts.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/llebanese-student-assocation/')(2981, 'Leadership, Higher and Adult Education Departmental Student Association', 'The LHAE DSA represents all graduate students in the Department of Leadership, Higher & Adult Education.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/leadership-higher-and-adult-education-departmental-student-association/')(2982, 'Law and Business Student Association UTSG (LBASG)', 'The Law and Business Association centres the intersectionality between the corporate and legal industries. The club aims to bring together like-minded students interested in one or more of these sectors. The club will provide members the opportunity to network with one another and with professionals within both industries. It will hold events that emphasize the relationship between the two industries through education, mentorship, and personal connection.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/lba.utsg/')(2983, 'Law Transcending Borders Club (LTBC)', 'Welcome to the Law Transcending Borders Club – a dynamic community dedicated to exploring the multifaceted realm of law on a global scale. Our club is a vibrant space where legal enthusiasts, students, and aspiring professionals converge to delve into the intricate intersections of law, transcending geographical and cultural boundaries. Through engaging discussions, expert speaker sessions, and collaborative projects, we aim to cultivate a profound understanding of legal issues that extend beyond borders. Whether you’re passionate about international law, human rights, or the global implications of legal systems, our club provides a platform for you to connect with like-minded individuals and foster a global perspective on the evolving landscape of jurisprudence. Join us on a journey where the study of law becomes a lens through which we explore and understand the world without limits. Together, let’s transcend borders and unravel the complexities of law in a global context.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/law_transcending_borders_uoft/?next=%2F')(2984, 'Newman Catholic Students’ Club (NCSC)', 'We are a faith-filled community which provides a space for Catholic students to meet like-minded individuals and grow in fellowship and community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_ncsc/')(2985, 'New Resonance A Cappella', 'New College Resonance is a student-run A Cappella group based out of New College at the University of Toronto. We seek to bring students from different backgrounds and areas of studies together through our passion and interests in music.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/newresonance/')(2986, 'Latin Engineering Students’ Association', 'The Latin Engineering Students’ Association (LESA) is a space for Latinx students to connect with the Skule Community and their heritage. The association educates people about Latin culture and promotes cultural issues. LESA organizes and hosts various fundraising and cultural events to support Latin interests. The club is open to all students who wish to meet other Latinx engineers in the community or learn more about Latinx culture. Moreover, the club provides a space for all students to participate in fundraisers and charity events supporting engineering-related causes. LESA is an environment for Spanish and Portuguese communication where student can speak their language freely. Our association also helps international students from Latin American countries in their transition to life in Canada.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_lesa/')(2987, 'New Dragons Dragon Boat Team', 'As a team, we are comprised of students from various universities pursuing education at the undergraduate and graduate level.\xa0 As a family, we help push each other through the struggles of training, school, work, and everything else life throws at us.\xa0 Our passion keeps us strong and our bond keeps us together.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/newdragons/')(2988, 'New College Student Council (NCSC)', 'NCSC is the representative student government at New College. We ensure all New College constituents’ voices are heard and represented and strive towards enhancing student experiences at New College.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/myncsc')(2989, 'NeurotechUofT (NTUT)', 'NeurotechUofT’s main aim is to drive neurotechnology innovation at the University of Toronto. As a student-led design team, we work on projects every year that use EEG to solve real world problems. Every year, we also compete in the NeurotechX club competition, where student clubs from all over the world submit designs. Furthermore, we also focus on mentoring potential members or anyone interested in neurotech. We host several workshops throughout the year that teach essential skills needed for neurotechnology, as well as organize speaker events and conferences on neurotechnology.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/neurotechuoft/?hl=en')(2990, 'Neuroscience Association for Undergraduate Students', 'The Neuroscience Association for Undergraduate Students (NAUS) is a student organization affiliated with the Human Biology Department at the University of Toronto. Our mandate is to enhance the undergraduate Neuroscience experience by facilitating academic, social and career development opportunities. NAUS acts as a liaison between Neuroscience students and the Human Biology Department. NAUS aims to ensure that all student concerns and requests are addressed and fulfilled to the best of our ability. We plan a wide variety of student events every year, including academic seminars, outreach opportunities, an inter-university Life Sciences competition, and an undergraduate conference.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/nausuoft/')(2991, 'Neurological and Neurodegenerative Disease Student Association (NANSA)', 'The Neurological and Neurodegenerative Disease Student Association (NANSA) is a student-run organization committed to fostering student interest in research related to neurological diseases by providing opportunities for networking, workshops, mentorship, and speaker series. Additionally, NANSA strives to raise funds and promote awareness for neurological and neurodegenerative diseases throughout our community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/nansa.utsg/')(2992, 'Near & Middle Eastern Civilizations Students’ Union', 'The Near and Middle Eastern Civilizations Students’ Union is one of many course unions under the umbrella of the Arts’ and Science Students’ Union, representing students studying in every department of the Faculty of Arts and Science at the University of Toronto. Our mandate is to serve as a liaison between students and the NMC Department and to augment student life with fun, educational events.\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/near-middle-eastern-civilizations-students-union/')(2993, 'NaMaNa Cinema Club at the University of Toronto at St. George', 'The purpose of Namana Cinema is to promote and encourage critical thinking, film spectatorship, and scholarly work pertaining to cinema and strive to create opportunities for interested individuals to pursue filmmaking.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/namanacinema/')(2994, 'Near and Middle Eastern Civilizations Graduate Students’ Association', 'The Near and Middle Eastern Civilizations Graduate Students’ Association is the sole representative body of graduate students at the Department of Near and Middle Eastern Civilizations at the University of Toronto and a Course Union under the University of Toronto’s Graduate Student Union. Our purpose as a student association is to promote and maintain an inclusive social atmosphere of friendship, support, and unity. To this end we represent and advocate for the interests and wellbeing of its members to the Department, the Faculty of Arts & Sciences, the School of Graduate Studies, and the University in the spirit of cooperation and transparency; organize and sponsor an annual symposium and academic events in order to share research, develop professional skills, and encourage interdisciplinary collaboration; and \xa0maintain a physical space and provide a digital platform to build community and encourage communication within the graduate student body.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/near-and-middle-eastern-civilizations-graduate-students-association/')(2995, 'Mustard Seed – Adventist Christian Fellowship (ACF)', 'Build Christian fellowships that honour God and nurture the spiritual lives of students.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/mustardseedacf/')(2996, 'Namaste Medicine (NMed)', 'Namaste Medicine is dedicated to tackling the distinct healthcare challenges faced by the South Asian community and celebrating its rich culture. Our mission includes promoting awareness of common health issues and highlighting the value of preventive care, all specifically designed for the South Asian diaspora.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/namastemedicine/')(2997, 'Muslim Students’ Association (MSA)', 'The Muslim Students’ Association (MSA) is a recognised student group at the University of Toronto, St. George Campus (UofT). Established in 1965, it is the oldest MSA in Canada, and one of the largest clubs on campus. The aim and purpose of MSA is to cater to the needs of Muslim students while striving to be a vibrant, integrated and contributing body within the campus community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftmsa/')(2998, 'MusicBox Children’s Charity – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'MusicBox Children’s Charity (MBCC) is a youth-run registered non-profit organization that strives to provide music education opportunities to financially, socially, or physically disadvantaged children and youth.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/MusicBox_UofT')(2999, 'Musical Minds Community Outreach (MMCO)', 'Musical Minds Community Outreach is a student-driven volunteer organization at the University of Toronto. We strive to make music education more accessible to children and youth who may not otherwise have the means or opportunity to learn music. We know how much fun it can be to learn an instrument! Our enthusiasm stems from the understanding that skills fostered through lessons can have long-term benefits beyond our studio. We partner with families in the community to empower lasting confidence and to foster a love of learning in children and youth.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/musicalmindsco/?utm_medium=copy_link')(3000, 'Quantitative Finance Lab (QuantLab)', 'The Quantitative Finance Lab is a student-run club at the University of Toronto, which was originally founded in 2019 in UTSC. We are dedicated to exploring the exciting intersection of finance, statistics, and computer science. Our club provides a dynamic and stimulating environment where students can learn about the latest trends and techniques in quantitative finance and apply them to real-world problems.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/quantlab_uoft/')(3001, 'Pueblo Science University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'Pueblo Science is a nonprofit charity that aims to improve STEM education in local, national and international communities. Our club works very closely with the parent organization by helping with events, fundraising and spreading awareness. As a club, Pueblo science U of T aims to develop and facilitate educational and engaging events that promote the importance of STEM and contribute to breaking down the barriers that prevent individuals from pursuing their STEM-related passions.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/puebloscience.uoft/')(3002, 'Public Health Sciences Students’ Association', 'A description has not been provided to the Office of Student Affairs.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/public-health-sciences-students-association/')(3003, 'Psychology Students’ Association', 'The Psychology Students’ Association (PSA) is an organization of undergraduate psychology students at the University of Toronto. You, the undergraduate psychology students, elected us! ([http://psa.psych.utoronto.ca/current-team/](http://psa.psych.utoronto.ca/executives/))', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/psychology-students-association/')(3004, 'Project CARE Student Association (PCSA)', 'The PCSA is a student-led organization dedicated to championing the mental health and well-being of graduate students at the University of Toronto. We believe that fostering resilience is key to thriving in the demanding world of academia, and we are committed to creating a supportive community that empowers graduate students to face challenges with strength and confidence.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/project-care-student-association-pcsa/')(3005, 'Pre-Pharm Student Association (PPSA)', 'The Pre-Pharm Undergraduate Student Association is focused on supporting undergraduate students that are aspiring to pursue careers in pharmaceuticals post-graduation, across all UofT Campuses. Through facilitating connections with professors, pharmacists, and like-minded peers, PPSA aids in fostering opportunities for students to explore different career trajectories in the pharmaceutical field. Through outlining the various and diverse post-graduate career trajectories for students interested in Pharmacy, PPSA focuses particularly on the PharmD program at UofT, with support and workshops on how to successfully prepare for application.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ppsa.uoft/')(3006, 'Professional and Graduate Hindu Students Association', 'The Professional and Graduate Hindu Students Association (PGHSA) is a vibrant and inclusive community dedicated to empowering Hindu students pursuing higher education and professional pathways. Our group serves as a welcoming platform for networking, cultural exploration, and personal development. Whether you’re a graduate student, a budding professional, or anywhere in between, PGHSA offers a supportive environment to connect with like-minded individuals, celebrate our rich heritage, and excel academically and professionally while embracing the values and traditions of Hindu culture. Join us in creating meaningful connections, fostering academic growth, and celebrating our diverse and dynamic backgrounds. Together, we strive to bridge the gap between academics and culture, paving the way for a successful and fulfilling journey in higher education and beyond.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/professional-and-graduate-hindu-students-association/')(3007, 'Power to Change U of T Student Chapter', 'Power to Change U of T is the U of T branch of Power to Change Ministries, an interdenominational Christian organization. We are dedicated to giving all students an opportunity to think about spiritual issues as well as helping Christians grow in their faith. ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/p2cuoft/?hl=en')(3008, 'Positive Psychology Student Club (PPSC)', 'The Positive Psychology Student Club (PPSC) aims to create a safe environment for students to rethink mental wellness through the lens of positive psychology.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utppsc/')(3009, 'PiCo Career Development', 'Hello Everyone!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/pico-career-development/')(3010, 'Physics Student Union (PhySU)', 'The Physics Students Union (PhySU) represents all undergraduate students enrolled in PHY courses. To find out more about PhySU, visit our webpage physu.org', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/physu/')(3011, 'Physician Assistant Student Association', 'PASA aims to foster and support a thriving community of students based on diverse interests, backgrounds and the commonality of being enrolled in the Consortium of PA Education Physician Assistant professional degree program at the University of Toronto in collaboration with Northern Ontario School of Medicine (NOSM) and The Michener Institute for Applied Health Sciences. As well, PASA will aim to identify and implement students’ views, demands as well as cater to the specific and unique needs of Physician Assistant students within the Department of Family and Community Medicine (DFCM) in the Faculty of Medicine, in regards to promoting the Physician Assistant profession, student academic needs, student social needs and any other needs identified by PASA.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/physician-assistant-student-association/')(3012, 'Philosophy of Technology Group (PoTG)', ' how can we obtain a more positive relation to technology?', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/philosophy-of-technology-group-potg/')(3013, 'Philosophy Discussion Group', 'The Philosophy Discussion Group provides a space in which prevailing philosophical notions are confronted, examined, and critiqued through dialectic by its members. The goal of this club is to engender a philosophical culture and community at the University of Toronto that is challenging, rigorous, and disruptive. All members have an equal right to speak and discuss a central topic proposed by the executive committee (although mechanisms for member suggestions remain open) accompanied by a text from Continental tradition. Meetings will be held once per week. Our vision is to create a close-knit group of 20-30 or so regular members who hold interest in Continental philosophy (but not necessarily restricted to it). Students and faculty of all backgrounds are welcome. The Philosophy Discussion Group will not tolerate racism, homophobia, sexism, or any other such discrimination. At the same time, the club will hopefully critically evaluate the concepts of race, sexuality, gender, and so on.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/philosophy-discussion-group/')(3014, 'Philosophy Course Union', 'The Philosophy Course Union (PCU) is a student-run organization that serves to ensure the best possible undergraduate philosophy education experience. The PCU co-ordinates essay workshops, social functions, academic seminars, and information sessions regarding grad school and career options. The PCU takes an active part in the departmental decision making process, and participates in many faculty meetings. If you have some suggestions for other PCU activities, or would like to become involved, please leave a message in the PCU mailbox at ASSU or e-mail us at pcu.utoronto@gmail.com', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/philosophy-course-union/')(3015, 'Philosophers for Humanity', 'Philosophers for Humanity is an organisation that aims to combine theory with practise to effect philanthropic change through a philosophical lens. In combining philosophy and philanthropy, we hope to raise awareness of important issues while begetting a culture of action-oriented advocacy. With many ways to get involved (you don’t need to be a philosopher!), we aim to create a substantive impact within the University of Toronto and the broader community. Members will have the opportunity to get involved in and support fundraisers, join the Executive Council on ‘Volunteer Days’, submit their writing for publishing on our website, and more!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/philosophersforhumanity/')(3016, 'Pharmacy Students for Antimicrobial Stewardship Society (PSASS)', 'Pharmacy Students for Antimicrobial Stewardship Society (PSASS) is a student-run pharmacy club that is dedicated to advocating for antimicrobial stewardship and educating students on the importance of responsible and safe antimicrobial use. By starting this discussion, we hope to inspire you to learn and speak on these topics. Throughout the year we hold many events, including lunch-and-learns, trivia nights, and collaborations with SASS teams from other healthcare faculties, such as medicine and dentistry. In addition to our events, PSASS releases guidelines on the management of infectious diseases to help students during their practical rotations.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/psassatuoft/?hl=en')(3017, 'Pharmacology Graduate Student Association', 'The Pharmacology Graduate Students Association is committed to increasing the social involvement of graduate students within the Department of Pharmacology & Toxicology. We organize social, academic, professional development, and philanthropic events throughout the year. Additionally, we act as a liaison between the student body and departmental staff.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/pgsa_utoronto/')(3018, 'Statistical Sciences Union', 'The University of Toronto Statistical Sciences Union, formerly known as U of T Statistical Sciences Association of Students, is the Course Union for that represents all students enrolled in a STA/ACT program or enrolled in at least one STA/ACT-designated course. The Association is dedicated to bringing academic workshops, educational and social events to all students and alumni that are studying or interested in statistics.\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/statistical-sciences-union/')(3019, 'St. Michael’s College Student Union (SMCSU)', 'SMCSU is the official student governance at St. Michael’s College, in the U of T. Our primary mission is to\xa0', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/usmcsu/')(3020, 'St. Joseph’s College House Council', 'The St. Joseph’s College House Council represents the residents of the residence at the University of St. Michael’s College.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/st-josephs-college-house-council/')(3021, 'St. Michael’s College Residence Council', 'The Men’s Residence Council (or MRC) is elected as the representative body of the men living at St MikeÂ‚s.  They co-ordinate the annual athletic tournaments and plan various social events within the Men’s Residence as well as with our sister Colleges at Loretto and St. Joseph’s College. In addition to organizing these events, the MRC is also the official liaison between residents and the Dean of Men', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/st-michaels-college-residence-council/')(3022, 'St. George Squash Club', 'The UTSG Squash Club is a UofT club whose purpose is to provide all UofT members, staff, and alumni with an easy, athletic, and fun way to play squash among fellow members. We cater to all skill levels, from beginner, to intermediate, to advanced. Skill sessions from the more seasoned players are available to newer players if court time permits. The club also operates a ladder for those who wish to participate. Social outings for our members are also offered to those willing to participate at various points throughout the entire year. More information may be found on our link tree (', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftsquashclub/')(3023, 'Spark Design Club', 'The Spark Design Club is a club that aims to promote creativity and design on campus. We hold workshops to build interactive electro-mechanical displays that demonstrate engineering principles and create a fun and inspiring atmosphere for our peers.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/sparkdesignclub/')(3024, 'St George Squash Club', 'The UTSG Squash Club is a UofT club whose purpose is to provide all UofT members, staff, and alumni with an easy, athletic, and fun way to play squash among fellow members. We cater to all skill levels, from beginner, to intermediate, to advanced. Skill sessions from the more seasoned players are available to newer players if court time permits. The club also operates a ladder for those who wish to participate. Social outings for our members are also offered to those willing to participate at various points throughout the entire year. More information may be found on our Facebook Page at . http://www.facebook.com/uoftsquash.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftsquashclub/')(3025, 'South Asian Studies Students’ Union', 'SASSA is of course union made up of all students at UofT who are in a South Asian Studies program or course.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/south-asian-studies-students-union/')(3026, 'Somali Students Association', 'The SSA is an organization on campus that aims to create a safe and welcoming environment where fellow Somali students on campus can come together and feel a sense of inclusion being a part of the University of Toronto community. Additionally, this club hopes to educate students on campus about Somali culture and traditions.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftsosa/?hl=en')(3027, 'Sonder University of Toronto Student Association', 'Sonder’s mission is to act as a society that allows students to understand the business world from different perspectives, is to let students discover business ideas and opportunities in different fields, and is to encourage young leaders’ entrepreneurial. We aim to invite c-level speakers to bring a difference perspective of the business world to the students.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/sonder.uoft/')(3028, 'Society of Linguistics Undergraduate Students', 'The Society of Linguistics Undergraduate Students (SLUGS) is committed to increasing the knowledge of and interest in linguistics of people in and outside of the linguistics field. By increasing communication between staff and students, offering guidance, making available information and academic sessions, and promoting interaction among ‘word-nerds’, SLUGS is dedicated to furthering linguistics.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftslugs/?hl=en')(3029, 'SMILE', 'The purpose of this club is to engage students, faculty, and other members of our community in activities that will increase the wellness of their mental health. The club wishes to modify how mental health is treated and change the points of view from which individuals look at it from. We wish to be a part of the forces in our community that are trying to break the stigma surrounding mental health disorders. SMILE strives to educate individuals on their mental health and how they can amplify their mental endurance. Education on these subjects will be done through seminars by guest speakers, workshops, and special activities to improve mental wellness (e.g. group game nights, exercises, study nights, etc.). This club hopes to take initiative in helping students build larger social circles by joining the SMILE family. This will ensure a healthier mindset through the school year for students. The motto of this club is Sincerity, Mental health, Inclusivity, Liberty, and Education. It shall be practiced through the aforementioned.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/smile_uoft?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet&igsh=ZDNlZDc0MzIxNw==')(3030, 'Socialist Fightback Students Chapter', 'Socialist Fightback Students is a Marxist organization that seeks to organize radical students in Quebec and English Canada.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/socialistfightback/?hl=en')(3031, 'Slavic Languages Students Union', 'The SLSU represents all students in the University of Toronto Department of Slavic Languages and Literatures. We co-ordinate academic and social events for students of the department, meet with faculty and staff, and represent Slavic Studies students at ASSU council meetings. Any Arts & Science student currently enrolled in a course and/or subject POSt offered by the department is a de facto member of the SLSU.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/slavic-languages-students-union/')(3032, 'Socialist Action', 'The U of T Socialist Action Club is dedicated to the purpose of raising political awareness, actively supporting the struggles of working people, and working for the socialist transformation of society.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/smash_uoft/')(3033, 'SKY Campus Happiness Club', 'SKY Campus Happiness Club at UofT is dedicated to building a stress-free, energetic and joyful campus community. Our activities include long-term community service, breathing practices, yoga, meditation, regular celebrations and fun outings.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/art-of-living-society/')(3034, 'The Material Merge', 'The Material Merge is an interdisciplinary journal that seeks to explore the deep connection between humans and objects, and what that means to our humanity. The main objective of this journal is to explore new perspectives and approaches through a lens of semiotics and material culture, two things which are very interconnected; material culture is all the tangible objects that cultures use or have used, and they are often embedded with many signs and symbols that define semiotics.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/material_merge/')(3035, 'The Khaleeji Students’ Association', 'The Khaleeji Students’ Association (KSA) is a non-political affiliated and non-religious affiliated group that\xa0aims to bring together nationals and residents of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) at the University of Toronto through social and cultural events that foster a community of students and faculty at the University of Toronto campus(es).', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-khaleeji-students-association/')(3036, 'The Innis Herald', 'The Innis Herald is a bi-monthly, student-run newspaper at Innis College. It serves as a means of communication between the student body, with a primary aim to keep Innisians and the University informed about stories that matter at the College and the campus. In the formative decades of the 1970s, and brought back as of the 2020s, the content by the community has emphasised and embraced artistic authenticity beyond school and student experience, whether it be poetry or satirical articles. The Herald is meant to establish a community at Innis by means of reflecting the interests solely of students at the College. The publication enjoys complete editorial autonomy.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/theinnisherald/')(3037, 'The Diversity Working Group', 'The Diversity Working Group (DWG) was formed in 2019\xa0in response to a dissatisfaction with the absence of a critical race perspective in the curriculum and a seemingly general lack of awareness and concern for racial equity at the Faculty of Information. In the years since, we have\xa0advocated for the advancement of equity within information studies by\xa0organizing workshops,\xa0reading groups, & special events, as well as pushing for systemic change through faculty and admin consultation.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/dwguoft')(3038, 'The HOPE Initiative Foundation – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'UofT HOPE aims to empower students and support marginalized communities in Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_hope/')(3039, 'The Diabetes Link Student Chapter at the University of Toronto', 'We are the first Canadian chapter of the College Diabetes Network, a 501c3 non-profit organization whose mission is to provide innovative peer based programs which connect and empower students and young professionals to thrive with diabetes.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/diabeteslink_uoft/')(3040, 'The Classical Student Association', 'Mission: Revive interest in the study of classical civilizations and languages (Latin and Greek), work collaboratively with the Classics Student Union for social functions, and rebuild an academic community surrounding the arts.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-classical-society-tcs/')(3041, 'The Citizens Foundation Student Chapter – University of Toronto', 'The purpose, objectives, mission and/or mandate of organization is outlined here:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/tcfuoft/?hl=en')(3042, 'The Classical Music Club (CMC)', 'Classical Music is a difficult thing to get into if you haven’t had the right exposure. This Club will introduce you to this wonderful world of joy, drama and emotion! Every fortnight, we will discuss aspects of the classical music world. Meetings will consist of interactive presentations where the President (most of the time) will talk about a composer’s life, major pieces of music such as operas and symphonies as well as famous conductors and orchestras. After a presentation we will play pieces of music and see who prefers which interpretation, what you think the music is about versus what the composer intended and eventually we could all go to a live performance. This Club is intended for anyone who has an interest in classical music, art and culture!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-classical-music-club-cmc/')(3043, 'The Centre for Women and Trans People at the University of Toronto', 'The Centre for Women and Trans People is committed to providing a safe, harassment-free drop in space for all women and trans people on campus. We provide free support, referrals, resources and advocacy on issues of sexism, racism, homophobia, transphobia, ableism, ageism, violence, health and poverty through our workshops, events, services and programming.\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-centre-for-women-and-trans-people-at-the-university-of-toronto/')(3044, 'Thaqalayn Muslim Association (TMA)', 'The Thaqalayn Muslim Association is a non-affiliated Muslim student association at the University of Toronto. The St. George chapter is comprised of graduate and undergraduate students who work to serve the needs of all students on campus. We are involved in planning and providing a wide variety of services and events, from academic lectures to socials, and much more!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/tmauoft/')(3045, 'The Biotechnology Innovation and Development Club at the University of Toronto', 'Welcome to BIDC! Our mission is to empower aspiring biotechnologists and entrepreneurs by providing an in-depth understanding of the biotech industry’s scientific, technical, and commercial aspects. As a member, you’ll gain insights into the latest advancements, industry trends, and the lifecycle of biotech companies.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-biotechnology-innovation-and-development-club-at-the-university-of-toronto/')(3046, 'Temerty Faculty of Medicine Research Showcase Organizing Committee', 'The Temerty Faculty of Medicine Research Showcase Organizing Committee is responsible for planning and executing an annual faculty-wide research event. The goal of the Research Showcase is to facilitate collaboration and learning amongst students, postdoctoral fellows, faculty, and staff across a diverse range of departments within the Temerty Faculty of Medicine. The Organizing Committee must oversee event logistics and promotional initiatives, manage finances and budgets, and recruit trainees and professionals to attend and/or participate in the Research Showcase. In addition to forming meaningful friendships with the rest of the Organizing Committee, and being involved in the planning of a one-of-a-kind research event, members will also have the opportunity to develop their communication, leadership, and time management skills.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/temerty-faculty-of-medicine-research-showcase-organizing-committee/')(3047, 'TEDxUofT Student Chapter', 'TEDxUofT is an annual conference, designed to gather the brightest minds in the University of Toronto community to spark conversation and connection. We believe passionately in the power of ideas to change attitudes, lives and, ultimately, the world. We’re building a platform of free knowledge and entertainment from the some of the world’s most inspired thinkers — and a community of curious souls to engage with ideas and each other, both online and at our annual conference.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/tedxuoft')(3048, 'TeamUP Science, University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'The mission of the TeamUP Science, University of Toronto Student Chapter is to ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/tus_uoft/')(3049, 'Synthetic Biology Public Education for Canada (synPEC)', 'synPEC, or Synthetic Biology Public Education for Canada, is an organization that focuses on providing comprehensive SynBio education services to different demographics across the nation. Our activities will include hosting events, attending education fairs, holding laboratory-related workshops, and so on.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/synpec/')(3050, 'Taiwan Republic of China Student Association at the University of Toronto (ROCSAUT)', 'ROCSAUT seeks to provide a connecting bridge to all the Taiwanese students at the U of T St. George campus. We strive to create a friendly environment for further social development and a chance for students to make connections among their peers. We encourage our members to participate in various ROCSAUT events such as the annual orientation and Chinese New Year Celebration as a way to relieve stress, make new friends, and to enjoy a fun year at the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/rocsaut/')(3051, 'Tales of Harmonia', 'Tales of Harmonia is a mixed 30-voice auditioned student-run choir with a passion for music in all its forms, styles, and genres. We’re a group of singers who enjoys music from all walks of life. We aspire to achieve harmony by being mindful of the concept of balance. Whether it’s the balance in our voices or the themes and pieces we present, we aim to attain that sense of equilibrium. We’re a university-wide choir who revels in creating a musical environment that’s all-inclusive, non-discriminatory, and at times geeky! You’ll find that Tales of Harmonia is a choir that’s as unique as its name.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/tales-of-harmonia/')(3052, 'The University of Toronto New Democratic Party Club  (UofT NDP)', '-Environmental protection, justice, and restoration', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.ndp/')(3053, 'The University of Toronto Piano Pedagogy Student Group', 'This group is dedicated to sharing and promoting innovations in piano pedagogy. Our group organizes opportunities for students studying piano pedagogy to expand and deepen their teaching experience through various programs and events, including masterclass exchanges, workshops, and student recitals.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/piano-pedagogy/')(3054, 'The University of Toronto Judo Club (UTJC)', 'For approximately forty years, The University of Toronto Judo Club at Hart House has been a not-for-profit organization dedicated primarily to the instruction and practice of recreational judo, in accordance with the principles and practices of the Kodokan Judo Institute (Tokyo, Japan). Our club is a member of Judo Ontario, and through it Judo Canada, the Canadian Olympic Committee and the International Judo Federation. By philosophy and practice within an academic environment, our club is focused on education and physical culture.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftjudoclub/')(3055, 'The University of Toronto Counter-Strike Club', 'Our goal:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcsc/')(3056, 'U of T Socialist Alternative Youth Student Chapter (SAY)', 'Socialist Alternative is dedicated to the development of an independent, Marxist working-class movement. As the youth section of Socialist Alternative, we seek to organize students in supporting working-class movements, and to educate and discuss the tenets of Marxist theory. Our goal is to support the working-class as the sole political force capable of resolving the major issues that plague the world today, including intensifying climate crises, staggering economic inequality, and increasing imperialist conflict.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/socialist-alternative-youth-say/')(3057, 'U of T Knitting Club (UTKC)', 'The main goals of our group are a) to knit (and do other fiber arts!) and b) to have fun doing it. Instead of knitting from the comforts of our own home, we would like to knit together as a community which is inclusive to all UofT students, alumni, and staff who may be interested. We have no secondary, or underlying aims, other than maybe to have snacks while we craft. We would like to build friendships with other people who, like us, have a passion for crafting and interacting with new and interesting people. We will achieve this by meeting regularly to plan what crafts we would like to create next and help each other to make sure we all finesse our skills to the best of our abilities. It will be an inclusive space, where no one is judged for anything they cannot control, nor their varying knitting abilities.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utknits/')(3058, 'U of T Improv Club', 'The U of T Improv Club is the premier improv comedy group on Campus. Our house team is selected through auditions at the beginning of the year. They compete in monthly competitions against other universities in the area. We also organize and perform shows on a regular basis around campus. We host a weekly drop-in club open to all students and all experience levels where we teach and practice various facets of performing improvisational comedy. Come join us!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftimprov/')(3059, 'U of T Grappling Club', 'Grappling is a combat sport that combines certain elements of wrestling and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with the goal of submitting your opponent through various choke holds and joint locks. Grappling focuses on clinch and ground fighting to maintain control of your opponent, without the use of strikes. In a controlled, beginner-friendly environment you will learn the fundamentals including various takedowns, transitions between positions, and submissions. Each class will be led by one of our instructors and will involve an active warm-up, various techniques to drill, and time for sparring (aka “rolling” or “going live”).', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftgrapplingclub')(3060, 'U of T K-pop Dance Club', 'The purpose of UTKD is to provide opportunities to try out K-pop cover dances and learn K-pop choreography for anyone regardless of their experience. We achieve this by structuring smaller teams on a one-routine basis, as well as offering regular drop-in lessons focusing on a different K-pop choreography each session. We also host drop-in events for members to socialize, bond, and introduce K-pop dance to beginners with little to no exposure to K-pop culture.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utkdc_official/')(3061, 'U of T Healing Sounds of Music Club (HSM)', 'Healing Sounds of Music is a group of undergraduate and graduate students devoted to bettering the lives of others through music. To do this, we perform music for sick and elderly people around downtown Toronto and the GTA, including at the Toronto Grace Hospital and the Annex Retirement Home. Our club includes both an all-experience-levels choir that meets every week to practice choral music for our performances and a group of instrumental musicians that perform their own music, either in small ensembles or solo. In addition, we host events such as jam sessions, karaoke nights, and other get-togethers to build community amongst performers. We are always accepting new members of all skill levels! If you are interested, please reach out to us at uoft.hsm@gmail.com.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.healingsoundsofmusic/')(3062, 'SYMBIO at U of T', 'SYMBIO 華 is pioneered with the intent of bringing together people who are dreamers with a love for any creative passions. SYMBIO 華 aims to promote the visibility of Asian Creatives in Toronto by spreading arts, cultural heritage, philosophy, music, poems, and ideas through event organizing, online media presence, contemporary artistic expressions, and various outlets. It is a community where all the arts, culture, philosophy, music, and ideas meet. Our mission statement aims to provide our community a comprehensive immersed experience where different worlds’ collide and converge, where cultures are able to have a mutual understanding, and where ideas of creativity can flow naturally and celebrated upon realization.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/symbio-%e8%8f%af/')(3063, 'U of T Forensic Science Club (UTFSC)', 'This is a platform for students who are interested in forensic science. We hold monthly online lectures talking about the application of forensic technologies in real cases. From the intricacies of biology and criminal psychology to evidence analysis, case studies, the effect and control of illegal drugs, and computer forensics, we cover it all.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/u-of-t-forensic-science-club-utfsc/')(3064, 'Turkish Student Association', 'Turkish Student Association is a student union, which aims to promote interaction amongst members primarily within the context of the university community, to promote Turkish culture within the University, and to assist Turkish students who have newly arrived to the University.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.tsa/')(3065, 'U of T Food Coalition (Student Chapter)', 'U of T Food Coalition is a network of students and faculty committed to advancing food justice, supporting local food production, and creating an anti-capitalist food space on campus.\xa0 Our organization and related projects are rooted in equity, sustainability, and locality. In addition to creating a space for affordable and culturally relevant food on campus, we will also work to foster a community for intersectional and progressive learning in relation to food systems. We believe that by engaging our campus population through principles of food sovereignty and sustainable food practices, we can help co-create a healthy and vibrant student community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftfoodcoalition/')(3066, 'U of T Capture the Flag Club', 'Our goal is to bring together people who are passionate about or simply curious about ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/u-of-t-capture-the-flag/')(3067, 'Tunes. Beats. Awesome. (TBA)', 'Joining members can expect to create bonds like no others through rehearsing as a group each week, reading week retreats, groups socials, seasonal concerts, and of course, the power of music. If you have ever wanted your life to be like Pitch Perfect, join TBA!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/tba_live/')(3068, 'True Peace Sangha U of T Student Group', 'We are a group of mindfulness practitioners who meet to meditate and learn mindfulness together. Our practice is based on the Zen Buddhist teachings of the Vietnamese Master Thich Nhat Hanh. We come from a variety of backgrounds and religious traditions. We meet on Mondays from 5:30 – 7:30 pm at the Multifaith Centre at the University of Toronto.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/true-peace-sangha-at-university-of-toronto/')(3069, 'Trinity College Meeting (TCM)', 'The Trinity College Meeting (TCM) is the governing body of Trinity College. All fee-paying members of Trinity College are welcome to vote at the TCM, making it the last surviving direct democracy in North America. And those votes matter. The TCM directly allocates roughly $200,000 in student fees per year, funding everything that Trinity College is known for: major events, levied and non-levied clubs, scholarships, travel funding, and more. If you’re a Trinity College student, come out to our meetings and make your voice heard!\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/trinity-college-meeting-tcm/')(3070, 'Troitsky Bridge Building Team', 'Troitsky Bridge Building is an engineering design team that creates bridges to compete at Concordia University’s annual Troitsky Bridge Building Competition.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/troitskyuoft/?hl=en')(3071, 'Toronto University Basketball Club (TUBC)', 'Welcome to the Toronto University Basketball Club, where passion meets the hardwood!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/tubctrt/')(3072, 'TrackOne Engineering Discipline – TrackOne Committee', 'The TrackOne Engineering Discipline – TrackOne Committee promotes and furthers the interests and motivations of TrackOne students, works to increase in social and academic engagement of the TrackOne students, and works as a liaison between TrackOne students and any external parties like but not limited to, the University of Toronto Engineering Society, Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering, and First Year Office of the Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/trackone_bestone/')(3073, 'Undergraduate Sociology Students’ Union', 'USSU is a student run organization devoted to enriching the Sociology Undergraduate experience through a number of events throughout the academic year ranging from academic lectures to socials, bridging the gap between students and the faculty. More than acting as a student faculty liaison, however, USSU also provides undergraduate students with a variety of student learning and study aids to help encourage their success! Make your undergraduate experience memorable, join USSU!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ussu_uoft/')(3074, 'University of Toronto Chinese Catholic Community of Students (UTCCC)', 'Established in 2001, we are a community of enthusiastic and committed Chinese Catholic students in the Greater Toronto Area who strive to live out our faith together amidst our busy university lives.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utchinesecatholic/?utm_medium=copy_link')(3075, 'University of Toronto Chinese Music Club (UTCMC)', 'The University of Toronto Chinese Music Club (UTCMC) is currently the most senior Chinese music organization in the Toronto area. Established in 2012, it has organized various large-scale events such as the Toronto K King Contest, Freshmen Live House, and the Toronto regional competition for “The Voice of China.” Centred around its singer and musician groups, the club provides professional vocal training and production support for students passionate about music, including opportunities to perform on stage. The club comprises nine administrative departments responsible for event operations, promotion, and internal management. Whether you’re eager to be in the spotlight or enthusiastic about behind-the-scenes work, UTCMC welcomes everyone to join.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-chinese-music-club-utcmc/')(3076, 'University of Toronto Chinese Finance and Economics Association (UTCFEA)', 'The University of Toronto Chinese Finance and Economics Association (UTCFEA) is dedicated to advancing academic and professional development in the fields of finance and economics focused on the Chinese market. Finance and economics are central to national development and social stability, encompassing the production, distribution, and consumption of resources. Finance, a key component of the economic system, ensures the proper flow and allocation of funds, fostering business growth and innovation.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-chinese-finance-and-economics-association-utcfea/')(3077, 'University of Toronto Chinese Future Researchers Student Association', 'The purpose, objectives, mission and/or mandate of the organization is to help students familiarize themselves with research opportunities at U of T. We provide a platform for connections, enabling students to gain insights directly from professionals from diverse research backgrounds.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ut_cfr?igsh=eW4wMWE2enR5bGpu')(3078, 'University of Toronto Chinese Christian Fellowship – Student Chapter', 'UTCCF is a student-led campus fellowship dedicated to strengthening our relationship with God and one another in order to make His name known across the broader U of T community. We have various meetings throughout the week including ministries and large group which are focused on equipping students to become faithful witnesses for Christ on campus and beyond. Our name is UTCCF, but you don’t need to be Chinese, Christian, or from UofT to join — we welcome you!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utccf_/')(3079, 'University of Toronto Cast Iron Cooking Club (UofT CICC)', 'Hello there! Interested in cooking with the most beautiful cookware of all time? Join the UofT Cast Iron Cooking Club (UofT CICC) where you will learn everything about cast iron cookware! We will teach you everything from how to care for it (seasoning, washing, restoring, storage) and to learning how to cook with it! Cast iron skillets are a fantastic cookware that will last basically your entire life with the right care, and can even be restored if rusted. They are also THE optimal cookware for cooking meats like steak, pork chops, and ground beef. It can even be used to bake foods like paratha and cornbread, or make some bomb kimchi fried rice. You can use it for basically anything.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcastiron')(3080, 'University of Toronto Cantonese Debate Club (UTCDC)', 'The purpose of UTCDC is to provide students with a platform to express different opinions on primary issues in the world. We aim to raise students’ consciousness and generate critical thinking through participating in debates and developing students’ communication and presentation skills.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ut_cdc/')(3081, 'University of Toronto Campus Network', 'The purpose, objectives, mission and/or mandate of the organization is to:', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-campus-network/')(3082, 'University of Toronto Calisthenics Club (UTCC)', 'University of Toronto Calisthenics Club (UTCC)\xa0 is a space for all those interested in calisthenics and bodyweight fitness to train, chat, and share resources and experiences related to calisthenics. We will be hosting regular meetup training sessions as well as friendly informal competitions once a term.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-calisthenics-club-utcc/')(3083, 'University of Toronto Business Students’ Association (UTBSA)', 'Originally founded in 2013, the University of Toronto Students’ Business Students’ Association (UTBSA) is a student-led club focused on bringing students of all faculties together to explore the vast opportunities and industries within the business world. Aiming to bridge the gap between academia and business world in an accessible, interactive manner, UTBSA holds both panel and interactive workshop events as well as large scale conferences and case competitions throughout the year, catered towards students of all backgrounds, interested in business.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftba/')(3084, 'University of Toronto Blue Sky Solar Racing', 'One of the largest student-run project at the University of Toronto, Blue Sky Solar Racing continues to attract some 100 undergraduate and graduate student volunteers. Blue Sky Solar Racing members hail from a wide variety of disciplines within the university such as Engineering, Computer Science, Chemistry, English, Political Science, and Philosophy. Our members are committed to applying their classroom knowledge, and demonstrating that students of University of Toronto rank among the best in the world.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/blueskysolar77')(3085, 'University of Toronto Blockchain Student Group', 'The University of Toronto Blockchain Group is a student-led group focused on education and networking led by undergraduate students at Rotman Commerce. UTBG will seek to educate students by demystifying the world of crypto and introducing students to the business application, technology, and utility. UTBG will also bring new opportunities for UofT students to connect with industry professionals and network with companies in the crypto space.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftbg/')(3086, 'University of Toronto Buddha’s Light Club', 'Introduction:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utblc/')(3087, 'University of Toronto BizTech Association (UTBT)', 'Problem', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftbiztech/')(3088, 'University of Toronto Biomedical Engineering Design Team', 'UT BIOME is UofT’s only undergraduate biomedical engineering design team. We are based on three core values: developing and implementing innovative solutions, facilitating student exposure and connections to the BME community, and fostering leadership development and teamwork skills. Our projects focus on the research and design, prototyping, and testing phases of product development. We provide a hands-on environment for undergraduate students to learn and apply their knowledge at the intersection of medicine and engineering. Overall, UT BIOME is a great way to get involved in the design process and be informed about the forefront of innovation in the biomedical industry.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftbiome/')(3089, 'University of Toronto Beekeeping Education Enthusiasts and Supporters (B.E.E.S.)', 'We are a group of students and community members committed to educating ourselves and others about beekeeping, pollinators, and the production of local honey. We provide a rare space within the City of Toronto where anyone can participate and learn more about the art of beekeeping within the urban context. As per our Constitution:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftbees')(3090, 'University of Toronto Asian Student Alliance (UofT Asian Student Alliance)', 'An inclusivity coalition that connects Asian students, faculty, staff, and Allies at U of T!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-asian-alliance-uoft-asian-alliance-2/')(3091, 'University of Toronto Association of Athletes for Society (UTAAS)', 'University of Toronto Association of Athletes for Society (UTAAS) is a student run association with the goal to create a positive impact on society through sports and community work. UTAAS currently has two main sub-teams: the sports team and the volunteer team. As of today the sports category consists of a basketball and soccer team with hopes to expand and create a badminton, ping pong, and boxing team in the future. Members of UTAAS are welcome to join any team: no prior experience is needed.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-association-of-athletes-for-society-utaas/')(3092, 'University of Toronto Archery Student Team', 'Welcome to the UofT Archery Team student portal page!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftarcheryteam')(3093, 'University of Toronto Archery Club', 'Practice archery for physical exercise and hobby.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-archery-club/')(3094, 'University of Toronto Economics Club (ECON)', ' like to provide students an opportunity to network and develop their public speaking and critical thinking skills.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-economics-club-econ/')(3095, 'University of Toronto Choose Humanity Club', 'The U of T Choose Humanity Club aims to create a safe and welcoming environment to discuss issues of suppression in modern-day China. We screen award-winning documentaries free of charge and invite distinguished panelists in academia and human rights to engage in Q&A sessions with the audience. We value freedom of thought, open discussion and respectful exchanges of perspectives and ideology.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/choosehumanityuoft/')(3096, 'University of Toronto Educational Design Student Association (UTEDSA)', 'Discover the future of education with Instructional Design and Technology at UofT! Our group is for those who are passionate about creating impactful learning experiences through thoughtful design and innovative technology. Dedicated to exploring the dynamic and evolving field of educational design and technology, we provide a collaborative environment for exploring the latest trends and practices in instructional design.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-edu-design-association-uteda/')(3097, 'University of Toronto Mersivity Society', 'Mersivity, as pioneered by UofT professor Steve Mann, is a novel concept involving Technology, Humanity, and the World. ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-mersivity-society/')(3098, 'University of Toronto Flutter Devs Students’ Organization (UOFTFDSO)', 'Mobile App Development has become the easiest it has ever been, thanks to Google’s recent developing tool ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftflutterdevs/')(3099, 'University of Toronto Mechanical Keyboard Club', 'The University of Toronto Mechanical Keyboard Club is a community of enthusiasts, tinkerers, and aficionados united by their love for mechanical keyboards. Founded to offer a space for students to discuss, share, and innovate, the club welcomes members of all skill levels. From those curious about making the switch from membrane keyboards to seasoned experts looking to custom-build their next project, our club is a hub of resources, knowledge, and community. Together, we explore the aesthetics, functionalities, and engineering behind these tactile marvels, aiming to foster a culture of collaboration and lifelong learning.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-mechanical-keyboard-club/')(3100, 'University of Toronto Minecraft Club', 'UTMC is a club dedicated to providing a welcoming online community and server for Minecraft players of all levels at the University of Toronto. We aim to promote student interaction and engagement by hosting social events and Minecraft related competitions throughout the year.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftminecraft/')(3101, 'University of Toronto Mahjong Club (UTMaC)', 'The club strives to represent students who have an interest in the game of Mahjong at the University of Toronto, St. George Campus; to spread appreciation for this ancient game to the modern world of today. We wish to advocate an inclusive and positive learning environment regardless of skill level or experience. We highly encourage our members to actively participate in an environment relevant to the rich history and traditions of Mahjong. Due to the nature of this game, the club has a zero-tolerance policy on gambling in all activities associated.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utmaclub/')(3102, 'University of Toronto LIVE (UTLIVE)', 'Hi everyone! U of T LIVE is a multimedia production club focused on writing about any and all topics related to student life such as music, food, fashion, social life, and more! We also publish short stories and other works of literature created by our group members, and host events such as alumni speeches, info sessions, and campus interviews! For now most of our work are in Chinese but we are working on an English outlet on Instagram as well. Follow us on WeChat @LIVEUOFT and @uoft.live on Instagram!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-live-utlive/')(3103, 'University of Toronto Machine Intelligence Student Team', 'UTMIST is a club dedicated to clearing the mist surrounding machine intelligence. Machine intelligence is a field that involves many significant applications such as self-driving cars, facial recognition, and search engines. We are passionate about exploring and applying the fields of machine intelligence to real-world scenarios. We hold project-based workshops and events centered around topics such as machine learning and data science. Our club provides opportunities for members to discuss and pursue research into the latest machine learning techniques and to apply them to emerging applications. Our club is an inclusive community for students coming from all backgrounds of knowledge and experience.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_utmist/')(3104, 'University of Toronto Language Exchange Initiative Club (LEI)', 'U of T Language Exchange Initiative', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.lei/')(3105, 'University of Toronto Legends of The Three Kingdoms Student Group', 'Our club mainly aims to gather some Legends of the Three Kingdoms players to have fun together in our free time. Legends of the Three Kingdoms is a traditional card game based on the history of the Three Kingdoms of China. It can inherit and learn Chinese history and culture while entertaining. Players can use the characters of the Three Kingdoms period during the game and experience the intriguing atmosphere of the Three Kingdoms period immersively through operations, teamwork, etc. At the same time, it can also exercise players’ logical thinking, the abilities of cooperation, and the formation of troops.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-legends-of-the-three-kingdoms-association/')(3106, 'University of Toronto Korean Commerce Community Club (UTKCC)', 'The University of Toronto Korean Commerce Community, shortened as UTKCC is the\xa0 highly motivated student organization devoted to enhancing the networking and\xa0 information sharing among\xa0Korean students and alumni in the Commerce and Economics fields at the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utkcc_/')(3107, 'University of Toronto Ismaili Students Association', 'The UTSG Ismaili Students Association (UTSGISA) is a collective space for all Ismaili Muslims studying at the University of Toronto’s St George and Mississauga campuses. We aim to support Ismaili students with opportunities for regular prayer and faith engagement, to help them explore and engage with their spirituality, and develop a strong sense of community whilst at the University, and as part of our alumni network after graduation. Our community events, which are also open to non-Ismailis, are oriented around dance, sport, cultural celebration, academic and professional development, debate and discussion, personal and mental wellbeing, with many more as our community and society grows.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/ismaili-students-association-2/')(3108, 'University of Toronto Japan Network of Students', 'University of Toronto Japan Network aims to make a stimulating environment that will encourage ambitious U of T associated individuals to discover and stimulate each other in the form of new ideas, future paths, passions and interests. It also will aim to build “a strong interlinking network of U of T students”. Our ultimate goal is to spread awareness of University of Toronto in Japan and become the most exceptional network of bilingual students in North America', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftjn/')(3109, 'University of Toronto Kids with Special Needs Awareness Association (UTKSNAA)', 'Welcome to the University of Toronto Kids with Special Needs Awareness Association (UTKSNAA). The goal of our team is to spread awareness for Kids with Special Needs. (We also promote and advocate awareness for Adults with Special Needs. However, we will primarily focus on children. There has been increasing awareness of people with disabilities (especially children with disabilities) recently. However, there is a common misunderstanding between people with Disabilities and people with Special Needs. Often, people believe that they are the same thing. Even though the two terms do overlap, they are not the same. Therefore, our association focuses on promoting awareness for Kids with Special Needs to help others learn about the difference between the two terms and how we can help Kids with Special Needs. Kids with Special Needs require extra help and care from others. With the proper support and love from others, their life can be as charming as any child’s life. We will discuss and propose different ideas to help improve and support the life of Kids with Special Needs. Other activities in our association will include bi-weekly meetings, volunteering, fundraising, seminars from special needs advocators, and many more! Join us to learn about Kids with Special Needs and help us improve their lives!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-kids-special-needs-awareness-association-utksnaa/')(3110, 'University of Toronto Japan Student Association', 'The purpose of UTJA is to promote and facilitate the exchange of Japanese culture and language between students on and off campus. Events and activities will allow students to experience certain aspects of Japanese culture, while Japanese language-related events will cater to students who are interested in the Japanese language. This club will also serve as a platform for other Japanese students to connect with each other.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftjapanassociation/')(3111, 'University of Toronto Investment Banking Club', 'We are an educational platform that provides highly motivated students with a groundwork in financial theory, a setting to discuss and analyze fundamental market movements, fluency in generating real-world investment theses, and the opportunity to learn with peers and industry leaders in an intellectually stimulating environment. Additionally, we have a strong focus on career preparation and enabling professional development.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utibc/')(3112, 'University of Toronto Hong Kong Students Association (UTHKSA)', 'The University of Toronto Hong Kong Students Association (UTHKSA) is a student group led by a team of committed and motivated students from Hong Kong. Since its establishment in 2000, UTHKSA has expanded itself to become one of the largest and most prominent Chinese student groups at U of T.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uthksa/')(3113, 'University of Toronto Graduate Students’ Union (UTGSU)', 'The University of Toronto Graduate Students’ Union (UTGSU) represents over 20,000 students studying in over 115 departments. We advocate for increased graduate student representation and act as a voice for students by lobbying national, and provincial issues on your behalf. The UTGSU engages you through community building events and campaigns, organized by the various Committees and Caucuses. We also offer you a variety of services, such as: health and dental insurance, confidential advice, various grants and bursaries, and access to the UTGSU Building including the UTGSU Pub, Grad Loft and Gym.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utgsu/')(3114, 'University of Toronto Game Design and Development Club', 'The Game Design and Development club aims to bring together anyone interested in the design and development of interactive electronic entertainment. We provide a forum where programmers, artists, musicians and writers can join together to discuss and create video games.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/game-design-and-development-club/')(3115, 'University of Toronto Global Brigades Student Chapter', 'The University of Toronto Global Brigades (UTGB) is a chapter of Global Brigades, an international non-profit that uniquely implements a holistic model, aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, to meet a community’s health and economic goals. Every year, we coordinate skill-based weeklong summer brigades and currently host different brigade types to Honduras (Medical, Public Health, Engineering, and Business). Each of these programs fit together to strengthen the health, WASH, and economic development goals of our partner communities. Join us today in building a more equitable world!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftglobalbrigades/')(3116, 'University of Toronto Football (Soccer) Club (UTFC)', 'This is a community of football (soccer) fans and enthusiasts where we organize a variety of football related games and events. We will gather in social outings to watch significant football games, ranging from The Premier League. LaLiga and The Champions League to international matches. We organize friendly matches and participate in a variety of efootball and fantasy football games. People with any range of experience and knowledge are welcome.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.utfc/')(3117, 'University of Toronto Flash Photography Club', 'The club welcomes photographers of all levels, offering a supportive environment to learn and grow. Members can participate in various activities, access resources, and share their work in a diverse gallery. The club emphasizes creativity, technical skill improvement, and community engagement.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.flash/')(3118, 'University of Toronto Fintech Student Association (UTFTA)', 'Welcome to the forefront of financial innovation, where tradition meets technology and academia meets industry. We are thrilled to present the University of Toronto Fintech Club – a dynamic community where students passionate about finance, technology, and their intersection come together to explore, learn, and shape the future of financial technology.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-fintech-association-utfta/')(3119, 'University of Toronto Fighting Game Community (UofT FGC)', 'University of Toronto’s hub for fighting games! We run tournaments and events for Street Fighter, Guilty Gear, Tekken, and many more. UofT FGC is a place for all types of players, whether you’re a beginner or a fighting game veteran. You can find us on Discord ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-fighting-game-community-uoft-fgc/')(3120, 'University of Toronto Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering Iron Dragons Dragon Boat Club', 'The University of Toronto Engineering Iron Dragons is a co-ed dragon boat club, originating and representing the Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering. We provide students with a means to learn and compete in the sport of dragon boat, with recreational and competitive crews. Throughout the year, members will train in the gym and on the water in preparation for the summer racing season between May and August. This past summer, we competed at the 2023 Canadian Dragon Boat Championships, winning 2nd place for U24 Women and were the top performing Eastern Canada U24 mixed team. In the coming year, we have qualified to compete on the world stage and are preparing to go to Italy for Club Crew World Championships 2024. We welcome students of all disciplines and experience to join the Iron Dragons family, whether it is to stay fit, try a new sport, or make friends!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/skuledragonboat/')(3121, 'University of Toronto Fanfiction Club (UTFFC)', 'The University of Toronto Fanfiction Club all about providing a place for the organization of fanfiction readers and writers. In the contemporary era, there are a whole lot of people who read and write fanfiction, and UTFFC wants to provide a safe space for them to meet, free of judgement. No matter the communities, no matter the genre, and no matter the level of one’s writing (if they write at all), all of those with an interest in fanfiction are welcome. The club is about sharing, critiquing, and discussing works of fanfiction, as well as the art as a whole, with relevant events and activities to always keep things fun. The perfect place to find people with like minded interests in fanfiction, and to improve your own fanfiction if you so choose. What’s for certain is no matter why you might join, you’ll be in for a good time!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftfanfictionclub/')(3122, 'University of Toronto Esports Club (UTES)', 'UTES is a non-profit student group that is the hub for all Esports and gaming communities & activities at the University of Toronto. We aim to unite students by a common love of gaming through community events & discussions on and offline. We encourage you to come out and meet new people!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftesports')(3123, 'University of Toronto Environmental Action Student Association', 'UTEA raises awareness about pressing environmental issues (e.g Indigenous water rights, sustainable energy, climate change, etc) and advocates for more effective government policies to address these issues at the federal, provincial, and municipal levels. The organization also works towards advocating for more sustainable campus policies at the University of Toronto. UTEA is unique in that it is a hub for innovative and interdisciplinary environmental research and sustainability advocacy solutions, and is open to all and any interested UofT students.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uteatoronto/')(3124, 'University of Toronto Public Speaking Club (UTPS)', 'University of Toronto Public Speaking Club (UTPS) provides an inclusive and supportive environment for students to improve their oral communication skills. UTPS brings together students from all disciplines and backgrounds to study the art of public speaking and to overcome their fears.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftps/')(3125, 'University of Toronto Riichi Mahjong Club (多大雀魂社)', 'The University of Toronto Riichi Mahjong Club aims to provide a social platform for students who holds an interest in the complex and competitive game of Riichi Mahjong. We welcome students to come learn, improve, and make new acquaintances who holds this same interest. We promote and teach the statistically optimized theory of playing Riichi Mahjong, including the use of computational software and artificial intelligence software (eg. Naga) as aids in post-game analysis. We strive to provide a friendly learning environment for players of all skill level. We periodically hold in-person game events and online game events (via Maj-soul and Tenhou) to promote member enjoyment of the amazing and deep game.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-riichi-mahjong-club-%e5%a4%9a%e5%a4%a7%e9%9b%80%e9%ad%82%e7%a4%be/')(3126, 'University of Toronto St. George Debate Club (UTSGDC)', 'University of Toronto St. George Debate club invites members to explore interesting debate topics through participation and observation of debates. UTSGDC aims to improve members’ logical and argumentative skills through fact-based debates. The Club acts as a safe space for members to argue their perspectives using strategy and rationale. UTSGDC members do not work towards competition but rather towards improving personal speaking, debating, and strategic argument sequencing. University of Toronto St. George Debate Club not only focuses on the advancement of debating skills, but largely works to make sure that all members have a memorable and fun experience. The Club offers a myriad of marvellous and accessible events, ranging from ‘question-and-answer’ sessions with high profile lawyers, professors, and speaking coach professionals, various debate sessions, and social opportunities. All are welcome and all are encouraged to join!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utsgdc')(3127, 'University of Toronto St George IGNITE! Student Club', 'UTSG IGNITE! is a club focused on providing students with an on-campus student-led', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/utsg-ignite/')(3128, 'University of Toronto Sustainable Finance & Economics Club (SFEC)', 'The goal is to connect people and educate about themes related to sustainable finance and economics, such as market-based solutions to environmental issues, policies, and energy problematics. To do so, the idea is to host both social and formal events (ranging from pub nights to conferences), while sharing values of inclusiveness, acceptance, and will to discover and share ideas.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-sustainable-finance-economics-club-sfec/')(3129, 'University of Toronto Sudanese Students Union (SSU)', 'The Sudanese Students Union at UofT has a broad and inclusive mandate aimed at promoting the diversity and richness of Sudanese culture, supporting Sudanese students on campus, and fostering a strong sense of community. To achieve these goals, the Union focuses on several key areas, including providing a platform for students to connect, promoting academic excellence through mentorship and support programs, creating opportunities for cultural exchange and intercultural understanding, advocating for student needs and concerns, supporting personal and professional development, and raising awareness of Sudanese history, culture, and current events. Through a variety of events, initiatives, and programs, the Sudanese Students Union strives to create a supportive and inclusive environment for all Sudanese students at UofT, while also contributing to the wider university community.”', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftssu/')(3130, 'University of Toronto Students for Liberty', 'University of Toronto Students for Liberty is an organization with the aim of connecting pro-liberty students at U of T to one another.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftsfl')(3131, 'University of Toronto Students’ Union (UTSU)', 'The University of Toronto Students’ Union (UTSU) represents approximately 40,000 full-time undergraduate, professional faculty students on the St. George campus of the University of Toronto. Each College and Faculty, which UTSU represents, elects representatives from the members of their constituency to sit on our Board. Their number of students enrolled during the previous academic year determines the number of seats per constituency. The council is composed of a seven-member executive and a Board of Directors, all of which represent the constituencies from which they were elected.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-students-union-utsu/')(3132, 'University of Toronto Students’ History Collective', 'The University of Toronto Students’ History Collective aims to preserve and present U of T’s history in an interesting and accessible manner. The ultimate goal of the group is to create and update regularly an online collection of the university’s historical past, including: a Hall of Fame for notable alumni, a Hall of Remembrance for alumni that fought and died in the World Wars, a gallery of selected images from the decades of the university’s past, a database of professors with brief bios, and historical information on all colleges and the naming of the university’s buildings. All of this information will be compiled and curated by students.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uthistorycollective/')(3133, 'University of Toronto Students for a Free Iran', 'The University of Toronto Students for a Free Iran (UTSFI) is an independent social organization that seeks to promote diversity and freedom for Iranians and Iranian-Canadians at the University of Toronto.\xa0UTSFI seeks to create a safe and inclusive space for the Iranian and Iranian-Canadian academic community to engage with and preserve the Iranian cultural and historical heritage. UTSFI acknowledges the unacceptable history of oppression based on gender, ethnicity, and religion in Iran. UTSFI has been formed to: (1) address this history of oppression, (2) preserve and document it, (3) and provide an open platform to the Iranian community to emerge as a free society from this history. UTSFI is non-partisan and non-religious.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_sfi/')(3134, 'University of Toronto Student’s Consulting Association (UTCA)', 'The University of Toronto Consulting Association (UTCA) is a diverse organization that provides students from different fields with the opportunity to begin exploring the world of consulting. Through our workshops, case competitions, and other events, students learn to assess real-world problems and solve them through innovative solutions. We also host several events that allow students to network with representatives from some of the top consulting firms, learn more about career paths, develop meaningful relationships, and break into the industry. While our organization continues to evolve over the years, we stand by our consistent goal of providing an accessible way to expand students’ horizons through a platform of exposure and opportunities. Our organization also manages a volunteer Consulting Group (CG) which matches top students with local non-profits and start-ups to solve current business problems. Visit our website at https://www.uoftconsulting.com/ for more information.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utca.news/')(3135, 'University of Toronto Student’s Astronomy and Space Exploration Association (ASX)', 'The Astronomy & Space Exploration Association is a non-profit organization run by the University of Toronto space community, in Ontario, Canada. ASX’s purpose is to educate, excite, and inspire students, professionals, and the general public about astronomy and space.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/asx_uoft/')(3136, 'University of Toronto Student Environmental Resource Network (UTERN)', 'The University of Toronto’s Environmental Resource Network (UTERN) is a levy organization that operates as a funding body and networking hub for any person, group or club within the university community interested in sustainability and environmentalism on campus. UTERN membership is open to all students, faculty, staff and alumni from any of the three campuses at the University of Toronto. To join our membership, join our http://utern.org/wp/mailing-list/.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utern.uoft/')(3137, 'University of Toronto Student Association of Chinese Engineers (UTACE)', 'As one of the most iconic and largest Chinese student organizations at the University of Toronto, the Association of Chinese Engineers (UTACE) was founded in 2016 as a result of the merging of two previous clubs with over 40 years of history, the Chinese Engineering Students’ Association (CESA) and the Engineering Chinese Club (ECC). As a non-profit organization, UTACE is dedicated to promoting Chinese culture, enriching student experience in university, and creating connections and a sense of belonging among different generations by offering all kinds of support and services within the Engineering Society and the University of Toronto in general. Over the past few years, UTACE has held a large variety of events throughout the academic year, covering all aspects of student life, including academia, career planning, social skill development, and entertainment, which has received a lot of positive feedback, both from the faculty and the students.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-association-of-chinese-engineers-utace/')(3138, 'University of Toronto Student Chapter of the Earthquake Engineering Research Institute (UT-EERI)', 'The University of Toronto Student Chapter of the Earthquake Engineering Research Institute (UT-EERI) is dedicated to advancing earthquake engineering and nurturing a cohesive community spanning undergraduates, graduates, professors, industry experts, and the broader public. Our mission involves cultivating deep engagement in seismic engineering through diverse Chapter activities. UT-EERI graduate members play a pivotal role by hosting academic and industrial guest lectures, mentoring the Undergraduate Seismic Design Competition (SDC) team, actively participating in the EERI community through volunteering, and advocating for enhanced comprehension of earthquakes’ impact on physical, social, economic, and political environments.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-student-chapter-of-the-earthquake-engineering-research-institute-ut-eeri/')(3139, 'University of Toronto Student Anime and Manga Association (UT-SAMA)', 'The University of Toronto Student Anime and Manga Association (UT-SAMA) was founded in September 2004. The club was formed with the intention of bringing together people with similar interests in Japanese animated and illustrated media. Through regular meetings, contests, and events, members of UTAMA seek to spread awareness and appreciation of this growing form of entertainment throughout the university community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ut.anime/')(3140, 'University of Toronto Student Association Coalition Fund', 'The purpose, objectives, mission and/or mandate of the organization is to raise money and awareness to lesser-known groups/organization in diverse fields. Please consider checking out our Instagram page for more information. If you have any questions feel free to reach out to the executive members or shoot us an email. We will hold fundraiser events throughout the school-year, stay tuned!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcf/?igshid=ZDdkNTZiNTM%3D')(3141, 'University of Toronto STEM Student Research Initiative', 'The core purpose of the University of Toronto STEM Research Initiative is to foster a spirit of innovation and research among undergraduate students across all three University of Toronto campuses. By setting up a competition-based research platform, we are aiming to provide undergraduate students with a unique opportunity to engage in STEM research projects, potentially in collaboration with Master’s and Ph.D students. This will not only enhance their academic and professional skills but also promote interdisciplinary collaboration and networking among students at different stages of their academic journey. We aim to partner with the Faculty of Arts and Science, Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering, Temerty Faculty of Medicine, Leslie Dan Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Toronto Mississauga and Scarborough.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-stem-research-initiative/')(3142, 'University of Toronto Sports and Business Association (UTSB)', 'Since 2011, the University of Toronto Sports and Business Association (UTSB) has been bringing some of the best sports business conferences to the University of Toronto. Consistently delivering impressive lineups of speakers, UTSB has made it a mantra to bridge the gap between students and the sports industry. Our events host an impressive outreach that includes students, faculty, alumni, and industry professionals from numerous organizations located both within the GTA and across North America. Our flagship event, the Toronto Sports Industry Conference (TSIC), strives to provide top-notch opportunities for in-depth discussions, career development, and shine lights toward the ones who deserve recognition. We are committed to improving North American sports industry development, specifically the uprising Canadian industry.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftsportsbusiness/')(3143, 'University of Toronto Sports Analytics Student Group', 'The University of Toronto Sports Analytics Student Group is a group composed of University of Toronto members who have an interest in the field of sports analytics. The group aims to: 1) connect members who share a passion for the field, 2) organize and conduct research in the field, 3) connect members to industry leaders in the field.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftsportsanalytics/')(3144, 'University of Toronto Smash Ultimate Club', 'Most of our communication is done through our Discord server, so be sure to join that! The link is here: https://discord.gg/96QtFF8', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-smash-ultimate/')(3145, 'University of Toronto Ski and Snowboard Club (UTSSC)', 'The University of Toronto Ski and Snowboard Club (UTSSC) offers affordable opportunities for all students at the University of Toronto to participate in skiing and snowboarding adventures at both local and destination mountains.\xa0To make our club inclusive to absolutely everyone on campus, we have developed three exciting new programs, which will be outlined below. In addition to ski trips across Canada, we host bi-monthly socials to offer additional bonding opportunities and to create a close-knit UTSSC family before the winter season starts.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utssc/')(3146, 'University of Toronto Shogi Club', 'Given the scarcity of Shogi players in English-speaking regions, we are establishing a Shogi club at the University of Toronto with three bold objectives in mind. Firstly, we plan to organize events to promote Shogi, initially within the university and subsequently throughout the city of Toronto. Secondly, we aim to develop an English-language website catering to novice Shogi players, addressing the current language barrier posed by the availability of resources predominantly in Japanese. Thirdly, we intend to conduct AI research on Shogi, leveraging the computer science knowledge of our members to apply and demonstrate the skills learned in class. Our ultimate goal is to popularize Shogi through various platforms and to advance AI research by utilizing the knowledge and skills acquired at the university, thus bridging the gap between this rich traditional game and the global, English-speaking community.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-shogi-club/')(3147, 'University of Toronto Scale Racing Club', 'With an aim to learn how humans learn to drive and develop better learning based algorithms, and bringing more fun to students and faculties, we bring the adrenaline of RC car racing to UofT, hosting practice runs/races monthly/bi-monthly. At the other times, we work on autonomous driving projects using cutting edge learning based perception methods(such as NERF-SLAM or Gaussian-Splatting-SLAM), and state of the art models for control (such as the Dreamer v3 algorithm), evaluating these on our vision and IMU based RC race car, aiming to be able to compete with professional human competitors. Having research experience/relevant course works on robot perception/state estimation/neural networks and deep learning can be very helpful. Please feel free to join if you’re just looking for a new hobby or being involved in a super cool side project. DM us at scale_uoft on Instagram if you’re interested in contributing/getting involved. Looking forward to meeting you.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/scale_uoft/')(3148, 'University of Toronto Serbian Students Association (U of T SSA)', 'The Serbian Students Association of the University of Toronto is an independent, non-political organization whose foremost purpose is to promote and portray Serbian culture within the Serbian and University communities.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.ssa/')(3149, 'University of Toronto Table Tennis Club', 'The goal of the University of Toronto Table Tennis Club is to promote awareness of the sport and to provide a place for competitive and non-competitive players to convene. The UTTTC encourages players of all skill levels to participate and aims to help them improve their skill level through weekly practices and intramural league/tournaments throughout the programming year.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofttabletennis/')(3150, 'UofT Film Club', 'We are the University of Toronto Film Club (UofTFC), a community committed to fostering a passionate and well-informed network of film enthusiasts and aspiring filmmakers across all disciplines. Our mission is to enrich the student experience through various avenues, including film screenings, discussions, hands-on workshops, and collaborative production projects. By offering this multifaceted platform, we aim to facilitate intellectual and creative growth, paving the way for developing the next generation of filmmakers, critics, and engaged film consumers. Whether you’re a seasoned filmmaker, a film studies major, or someone who loves watching movies, UofTFC provides an inclusive and dynamic space for learning, discussing, and creating film. We offer screenings, interactive discussions, practical filmmaking workshops, opportunities for collaborative projects, and networking events to connect members with industry professionals and like-minded peers.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-film-club-2/')(3151, 'UofT Student Prison Project (UTSPP)', 'We aim to run various initiatives to shed light on the experiences of inmates within Canadian jails. ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-prison-project-utpp/')(3152, 'UofT Shoebox Project Student Chapter', 'The University of Toronto Shoebox Project Club will raise funds and awareness to uplift and empower women who are experiencing or at risk of homelessness. The group will support the Shoebox Project for Women Foundation, specifically the Toronto local chapters, with fundraising, collecting Shoebox gifts, and helping with inspections and deliveries for the drives. It will further provide students the opportunity to help local communities, especially during the winter season, develop their soft skills, such as leadership and public speaking, and foster equitable communities where all women are seen, valued, and treated with dignity and compassion.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-shoebox-project/')(3153, 'UofT Scientific Minds Club', 'At Scientific Minds, we are passionate about exploring the fascinating world of science through research. Our club is a collaborative community of curious minds and aspiring scientific researchers from a myriad of scientific backgrounds. Our primary goal is to foster a spirit of scientific inquiry and critical thinking among our members through journal clubs and faculty seminars. We aim to create an environment where everyone can share their enthusiasm for science, learn from each other’s experiences, and engage in current research projects.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-scientific-minds/')(3154, 'UofT Run Club', 'An official running club for all members of the University of Toronto community. Non-UofT students also welcome. All runners of all paces welcome. No one left behind. There is no pre-registration. Weekly runs will be hosted throughout the semester on', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftrunclub/')(3155, 'UofT Quantum Computing Club (UTQC)', 'The University of Toronto Quantum Computing club serves to bring the UofT Quantum Computing community together as well as introduce Quantum Computing to all who are interested. As a rich resource hub and a professional development group, we provide seminars, talks, and crash courses introducing academia to the general undergraduate community. We also operate as an organized team for competing in related hackathons and coding competitions. Moreover, there are intraclub projects emulating a research-group-like environment to foster research ability and vision. Students of all backgrounds are encouraged to join and learn with us from |0> up.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.quantum/')(3156, 'UofT Real Estate knowledge Club (R-estate – UTREC)', 'The Toronto real estate market is a foreign area to many with limited knowledge to outsiders. Therefore, the UofT Real Estate Club aims to equip UofT students with basic knowledge regarding real estate transactions (renting an apartment and more), meet other UofT students to find a roommate, discuss the market and current events in the real estate world. All to provide information and/or confidence when it is time to search for a place to live.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftrealestateknowledgeclub/')(3157, 'UofT Open Air Minds Club (UTOAMC)', 'The Open Air Minds Club is a space for reconnection with nature and a break from the busy technological world. We strive to create an environment where the UofT community can relax and find a moment of calm in the natural world. In this club, we organize times to meet outdoors to allow our members to meet as a group and experience nature together. By doing so, we create both a deeper social bond, while allowing our minds a moment to relax.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftopenairminds/')(3158, 'UofT Mystery Club', 'The UofT Mystery Club provides a platform for students to indulge their inner detective. Join us for a variety of mystery-related activities such as escape rooms, murder mystery games, movie & board game nights, and more!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_mysteryclub')(3159, 'UofT MCAT Prep Club (UTMPC)', 'University of Toronto MCAT Prep Club (UTMP) is a club dedicated to uniting the community of students considering writing and/or preparing to write the Medical College Admission Test (MCAT) by organizing study sessions, providing study tips, and sharing information regarding post-graduate studies (e.g., admission requirements, guest speakers, etc.). Though the process of medical school admissions is often difficult to navigate alone, UTMPC aims to alleviate stress by connecting students with like-minded individuals and resources that will help them succeed.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftmcatprep/')(3160, 'UofT Lifeline Student Chapter', 'The UofT Blood Services team’s purpose is to raise awareness on the growing need of healthy blood donors in the Toronto area and encourage the UofT campus community to donate blood. This will be done by booths/events where we will help educate people about and promote blood donations.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftlifeline/')(3161, 'UofT Greens Club', 'The UofT Greens is a campus charter of the Young Greens of Ontario, a young wing of the Green Party of Ontario! We exist to involve students and youth in Green Party politics and sustainability efforts on campus and in the GTA through volunteering, events, and other community organizing. Through our involvement on campus, in the city, and in the province, we hope to help shape and promote Party policy and legislation and ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-greens/')(3162, 'UofT Formula 1 Club (UofT F1 Club)', 'We are simply aiming to spread our love of Formula 1 Racing and create a community where F1 fans at the University of Toronto can connect with each other, analyze races, and engage in healthy discussion about all that happens in the pinnacle of motorsport.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-formula-1-enthusiast-club-uoft-f1/')(3163, 'UofT Golf Club (UTGC)', 'At UofT Golf Club, we take pride in creating a vibrant and inclusive community for golf enthusiasts of all levels at the University of Toronto. Our mission is to foster a supportive environment where members can connect, play, and learn from each other while promoting golf as a positive and engaging activity. With a focus on regular practice sessions, friendly tournaments, educational events, and social gatherings, we strive to enhance the golfing experience for our members and contribute to their personal growth both on and off the golf course.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-golf-club-utgc/')(3164, 'UofT Friendship, Academics, and Mental Wellness Alliance (FAM)', 'UofT FAM Alliance seeks to provide an inclusive and supportive community for all students at the University of Toronto by providing study sessions, friendship and team-building activities, as well as a non-judgmental space for students to express themselves in a positive way. This organization is a student group that aims to support students through their academic achievements and mental well-being.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/famalliance.uoft/')(3165, 'UofT Drama Coalition of Student Theatre', 'The Drama Coalition works to generate and promote interest in extracurricular theatre at the University of Toronto and to foster relationships between the various dramatic groups and societies. The Drama Coalition strives to represent and connect all colleges and groups across UofT’s campuses as well as provide a convenient landing place to provide anyone interested with information on auditions, backstage opportunities, upcoming shows and more.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utdramacoalition/')(3166, 'UofT Eritrean and Ethiopian Students Association', 'The Eritrean and Ethiopian Students Association (EESA) at the University of Toronto is an organization on campus that provides a collegiate home for students to come together and share the rich cultures of Eritrea and Ethiopia. The association aims to promote understanding and appreciation of the history, traditions, and heritage of both countries, spanning from early to medieval times up to the present day. Through various activities, events, and discussions, EESA fosters a sense of community and creates opportunities for students to connect, learn, and celebrate the diverse cultural aspects of Eritrea and Ethiopia.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/eesa_uoft/')(3167, 'UofT Ebenezer Club', 'UofT Ebenezer is a Korean Christian organization for young people to learn God’s Word, be faithful in prayer, and have a time of worship and fellowship during the academic year.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_ebenezer/')(3168, 'UofT Fitness Club', 'Looking to join a supportive positive community at the University? Look no further!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-fitness-club/')(3169, 'UofT Christian Group: Milestone Churches Campus Ministry Student Chapter', 'If you’re interested in learning about Christianity, God, or why Christians do what they do; this club is for you.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/milestonechurches/')(3170, 'UofT Chinese Graduate Student Association', 'We mainly target the Chinese graduate population at the University of Toronto as a sociocultural group. We welcome all students who are currently enrolled in or recently gradated from the School of Graduate Studies at the University of Toronto. Our mission is to enrich the experiences of all Chinese graduate students at the University of Toronto by providing various events that connect our members with the university community.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-chinese-graduate-association/')(3171, 'UofT Computer Vision Club', 'This student community will facilitate discussions around Machine Learning and Computer Vision, the field of artificial intelligence that trains computers to interpret and understand the visual world. We are a special interest group in computer vision.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcv/')(3172, 'Wing Chun Jing Jung Association (WCJJA)', 'A campus club dedicated to promoting Wing Chun Kung Fu to the U of T community. Wing Chun is a traditional Chinese martial art invented by a woman around 300 years ago, with the single goal of defending oneself in the minimum time, using minimum energy, yet with maximum effectiveness.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/wing-chun-jing-jung-association/')(3173, 'Web Development Club', 'The Web Development Club is a student run tutorial style club dedicated in teaching interested members of the U of T community the fundamentals of Web Development. Each member is directly involved in Web Development projects. Past experiences with Web Development is not required.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftwebdevclub/')(3174, 'West Indian Students’ Association (WISA)', 'WISA is a club that celebrates the vast and vibrant culture of all the countries and territories that make up the Caribbean and its diaspora. We intend to be your home away from home to all those who call the West Indies home and heritage. WISA hosts social and academic events that aim at achieving a unique and open cultural experience for West Indian students and all students who have a love for Caribbean culture at the University of Toronto St. George. Past events have included picnics, study halls, parties, movie nights, a market and showcase for Caribbean talent and more… So no matter where you are from, we invite you to come join us at any of our events as we celebrate unity, diversity and Caribbean excellence.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftwisa/')(3175, 'Wellness and Equity for Life Science Undergraduate Students (WELLUS)', 'WELLUS is an initiative which strives to create greater awareness of health equity while also providing support for the mental well-being of Life Science students or students who wish to work in Medicine and Healthcare and who also belong to marginalized communities. As immigrants and as people of colour, far too many times do we endure healthcare inequities which only further exacerbate the divisions within communities. Healthcare inequity pertains to the barriers and unfair treatment which hinder certain individuals from obtaining the care they require to achieve their optimal health. Our greatest hope for this project is to make WELLUS a space for student communities to learn more about health inequity and mental health resources. Members can expect to participate in regular events and be updated on resources for marginalized communities, including research opportunities, awards and mental health gift baskets.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/wellness-and-equity-for-life-science-undergraduate-students-wellus/')(3176, 'Youreka Toronto', 'The mission of Youreka is to empower youth to become\xa0', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/youreka_toronto/')(3177, 'Youth With A Mission (YWAM)', 'The core goals of the group is to provide members with a place of worship, communion and fellowship throughout the academic school year and ultimately pursue a short-term mission trips during summer.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/youth-with-a-mission-go/')(3178, 'Young Leaders in Public Health and Medicine – St. George Chapter Student Group (YLPHM UTSG)', 'The overall mission of this club is composed into two parts. The first is to serve the community through initiatives surrounding medicine and public health.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ylphm.to/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y%3D')(3179, 'You’re Next Career Network Student Association', 'You’re Next Career Network is a multi-disciplinary team of over 50 student volunteers. We work to provide opportunities to students through career development programs, as well as corporate and startup career opportunities. Working with over 6000 students and 130 companies a year, we aim to continue bringing exciting opportunities to the students of U of T.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/yncnuoft/')(3180, 'Working Towards Inclusivity in Chemistry Toronto', 'We are a student-led organization part of the\xa0', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/wic_toronto/')(3181, 'Woodsworth Residence Council (WRC)', 'The Woodsworth Residence Council is a student run organization that is responsible for residence orientation, resident advocacy, and social/educational programming.  They work with the residence staff to continually enhance the residence experience. The council is formed by elected residents in various positions including president, vice president, social convener, secretary, treasurer and community outreach chair, as well as representatives from each floor.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/woodsworth-residence-council-wrc/')(3182, 'Women’s Health Collective', 'The Women’s Health Collective (WHC) is an inclusive student-run initiative that aims to promote the health and well-being of women on local and global scales. Specifically, the underlying and motivating objectives of WHC are: 1. To arm those who identify as women with information that empowers them to lead healthier lives; and 2. To spark meaningful, cross-cultural discussions on the healthcare challenges that women face. Through community outreach, health promotion workshops, and research symposiums, we seek to foster a community of healthy and empowered women.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/whc_uoft')(3183, 'Woodsworth College Students’ Association (WCSA)', 'The Woodsworth College Students’ Association (WCSA) is a body that aims to serve, represent, and advocate for the students of Woodsworth College.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/woodsworth-college-students-association-wcsa/')(3184, 'Women Stronger Together (WST)', 'Women Stronger Together (WST) strives to create an inclusive and empowering community for students along varying points of their wellness journey who are seeking mentorship, and peer support and wish to learn more about women’s health. WST matches general members based on common fitness interests with a “fitness partner” or mentor/ mentee. It also hosts virtual seminars, allowing members to interact, support each other on their fitness and wellness journeys and build everlasting bonds with other members.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/wstuoft/')(3185, 'Women in Science & Engineering (WISE) U of T Student Chapter', 'Women in Science and Engineering – University of Toronto (WISE U of T) is a co-ed student organization open to all persons in the University of Toronto community. We are a recognized campus organization that hosts a broad range of activities throughout the year including professional networking opportunities, community outreach events, a high school outreach program, and an Annual National Conference. We work to create an inclusive community for our members to share their experiences and advocate for gender equality in STEM.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/wiseuoft/?hl=en')(3186, 'Women’s Healthy Environment Network Club (WHEN)', '\xa0', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/womens-healthy-environment-network-club-when/')(3187, 'Wolfram Student Developers of the University of Toronto (WSD@UofT)', 'We aim to provide members with engaging and enriching experiences to learn using the diverse portfolio of products offered by Wolfram Research Inc. This not only includes the usage of Wolfram Mathematica™, Wolfram Alpha™, Wolfram One™, WolframU™ and Wolfram’s Polyglot notebooks, but also ample opportunities to connect and network with Wolfram’s very own researchers and other likeminded people interested in broadening their understanding of academia.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/wsduoft/?igshid=Y2I2MzMwZWM3ZA%3D%3D')(3188, 'Women and Gender Studies Students’ Union (WGSSU)', 'WGSSU acts as a source of information & support for University of Toronto students, working to combine student activism with academic studies.', '', 'IN', 'http://www.instagram.com/WGSSU')(3189, 'We Media Club', 'We Media hopes to build a sharing community for social media-loving creators and audiences to share their creative ideas, attend innovative offline self-publishing events, and build long-term relationships. Through the medium of new media, we aim to bring people from all walks of life together to share and discuss, thereby encouraging and inspiring creators to create quality work that will drive the development of the new media industry. We hope to encourage and inspire creators with ideas, thus helping them to create quality works and promote the development of the new media industry. We want everyone to have more offline communication opportunities in the new media environment to share resources and improve themselves.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/we-media-club/')(3190, 'α – Helically Educating Life-sci Induced Challenge-Enjoying Students', 'Our club’s mission is to assist first years with their transition into university. We will host pre-midterm/exam seminars for the life science courses that students often find the most challenging. Each session, we will go over sample questions from past tests and clarify the trickiest/most tested concepts for each course. We hope to present the material in a way that makes it most accessible to students of this generation– via both standard lecturing as well as millennially-relevant memes, metaphors, and student discussion. As all our instructors have first-hand experience with these courses, we believe we understand what students are struggling with the most. We hope to become an integral part of student success in life science, allowing for student discussion and Q&A, all in a highly productive study setting.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_alphahelices/?hl=en')(3191, 'zzztest Dewey Fan Club', 'Dewey is a cat. This is a test.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/dewey-fan-club/')(3192, 'ZZZRK – STG Test Group', 'This group is for SOP testing purposes only.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-back-end-test-group/')(3193, 'ZZZMC – STG Test Group', 'This group is for SOP testing purposes only.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/testgroup/')(3194, 'ZZZJH – SOP Test Group', 'This group is for SOP testing purposes only.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/zzzjh-sop-test-group-1/')(3195, 'Zoe Students U of T Chapter', 'Zoe Students U of T Chapter exists to introduce students to the teachings and way of life of Jesus of Nazareth and his followers. We do this through serving and offering hospitality, encouraging students to explore their spirituality, training students in Christian spiritual disciplines and leadership, and connecting them with opportunities for service in the city of Toronto and around the world.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/zoe-students/')(3196, 'Yun Dance Crew (UTYUN)', 'UTYUN is a dance team dedicated to classical and ethnic styles of Chinese dance. Our name, Yun, originates from a style of song poetry, and loosely translates to “rhythmic beauty”. Yun is one of the most sophisticated elements of Chinese dance, and its expression is unique to each variation. Moreover, it is an integral part of Chinese dance history and culture, and an essential component in the storytelling of each and every dance.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/yun/')(3197, 'Vote From Abroad Club', 'The mission of the organization is to promote civic engagement by educating American students on how to register to vote and secure their absentee ballots, while simultaneously spreading awareness about the scourge of voter suppression.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/vote-from-abroad-club/')(3198, 'Volunteers Connect Club', 'The Volunteers Connect Club gathers volunteers and connects them with each other as well as non-profit organizations. We share opportunities and host volunteer-related events and workshops.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_volunteers_connect/')(3199, 'Volunteer Organization of Korean Life-Science Students (VOKLS)', 'The Volunteer Organization of Korean Life-Science Students (VOKLS) is a professional student organization dedicated to fostering academic excellence and promoting interpersonal growth among Korean Life-Science students. Through a wide range of activities, including academic seminars, fundraising sales, and volunteering events, VOKLS strives to establish a supportive network that enhances both the academic and cultural experiences of its members. By fostering positive social changes, we aim to empower our members to become visionary leaders, extending their impact beyond the confines of our campus and making a meaningful difference in the world.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/voklsuoft/')(3200, 'Volunteer Interpretation Service for Koreans (VISK)', 'Volunteer Interpretation Service for Koreans (VISK) provides students at the University of Toronto with opportunities to interpret North/South Koreans. We connect English/Korean-speaking students to interpret various services within GTA including legal, medical and social services. This is a great experience and opportunity for students from various programs of study to utilize their knowledge outside of the classroom and communication skills to help North/ South Koreans in real-life situations. To be part of the club, all members must have excellent communicative skills in English and in Korean. We invite all students, staff, faculty, and alumni of the University of Toronto.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/volunteer-interpretation-service-for-north-and-south-koreans-in-toronto/')(3201, 'Visual Art Club (VAC)', ' ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_vac')(3202, 'Vision Tactical Innovation Group', 'The University of Toronto Tactical Innovation is a passionate community of students who share a love for airsoft’s tactical intensity and the excitement of crafting gears that elevates the game to new heights. Whether you’re a seasoned airsoft veteran or just someone who is fond of the sport, our club is the place where your interests will flourish. We will organize routine airsoft events, and provide a platform for general discussions and tradings. Beyond that, we offer an opportunity for you to bring your innovational ideas to reality. Our design department will be focusing on improving existing gears, and creating new innovations.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-tactical-innovation-utti-2/')(3203, 'Victoria University Students’ Administrative Council (VUSAC)', 'Victoria University Students’ Administrative Council is the student government at Victoria University in the University of Toronto. We are an elected body who are here to represent the many different areas of student interest at Victoria.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/victoria-university-students-administrative-council-vusac/')(3204, 'Victoria College Athletics Association', 'The VCAA organizes all the athletic activities offered by the University of Toronto intramurals program for Vic students. We also hold special events to promote an interest in athletics at Vic. \r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/victoria-college-athletics-association/')(3205, 'Vertige Investment Group', 'At the Vertige Investment Group (VIG), we believe that proactivity is paramount to excellence. That is why our research is focused on combining traditional analysis and innovative strategies in an effort to bridge the gap between today and tomorrow.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/vertigeinvestmentgroup?igsh=MnQxeGppNG4ycXhi&utm_source=qr')(3206, 'Varsity Vintage', 'The purpose, objectives, mission and/or mandate of the organization is to Varsity Vintage’s goal is to provide sustainable second-hand options to the students of the St. George Campus. Our motto is “Give where you live”! We run pop-up shops across campus selling items such as clothing, shoes, jewelry, books, small furniture, etc. Our club acts as a chapter of the Sociology In Practice (S.I.P) non-profit', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/varsity-vintage/')(3207, 'Varsity Publications Inc.', 'Canada’s largest student newspaper, The Varsity publishes print issues weekly on Mondays during the school year, and throughout the week online at thevarsity.ca through the full year including summers. It is distributed on all three of the University of Toronto’s campuses.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/varsity-publications-inc/')(3208, 'Varsity Mock Trial Undergraduate Student Team (VMT)', '\n\n\n', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/varsitybluesmocktrial/')(3209, 'UTWind', 'We are a self-directed group of students at the University of Toronto who will design, build, test, and compete a small scale wind turbine! Besides designing, our mission is to learn more about wind energy and to pass that knowledge on to new students, to prepare more young professionals for this rapidly expanding field.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utwindclub/')(3210, 'UTSG Tamil Students’ Association (UTSG TSA)', 'The UTSG Tamil Students’ Association serves as a forum where Tamil students, and students affiliated with the Tamil language, culture and heritage, can come together to organize and participate in various events and projects. Whilst, the goal of the TSA is to promote Tamil culture and language within the U of T Community, it also aims to provide opportunities to bring both Tamils and non-Tamils together.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utsgtsa/')(3211, 'UTSG Project Sunshine Student Chapter', 'The purpose of Project Sunshine is to bring passionate student volunteers together to spark joy and deliver smiles in pediatric patients facing various medical challenges. Our student volunteers will help restore a sense of normalcy to the pediatric healthcare environment. UTSG Project Sunshine Student Chapter offers Sending Sunshine, Hospital Programming, and Remote Programming. Sending Sunshine involves delivering surgi dolls (to help children understand their medical procedures and serve as their companions throughout their medical journey), therapeutic activity kits, toys, and much more.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utsgprojectsunshine/')(3212, 'UTSG MEDLIFE Student Chapter', '\xa0', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/utsg-medlife/')(3213, 'UTSG Bhangra Club', 'The UofT Bhangra Club at St. George Campus that strives to connect those with a shared passion for Punjabi dance as well as to promote multiculturalism. We aim to positively influence our community, perform, and spread our love for dance along the way. Bhangra is a an upbeat, Indian folk dance that has become increasingly popular in many universities. During the semester, our performance team practices a set composed of many songs for one or two final showcases. We also have the option of attending workshops for general members that are limited on time.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftbhangra/')(3214, 'UTChinese Network Student Association', 'UTChinese Network is a small not-for-profit organization led by Chinese students and young professionals in Canada. Founded in Summer 2006 and headquartered at the University of Toronto in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, our Mission is “to build the best platform for students to interact and to express themselves in relation to ideas, arts and culture, as well as to create the best value for their lives, their academic endeavours, and their future careers”.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utchinesenetwork/')(3215, 'Urban Studies Student Union', 'The Urban Studies Program at the University of Toronto aims to provide students with a multitude of lenses through which to observe, interpret, and understand urban life.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/urban-studies-student-union/')(3216, 'UT Application Counselor Student Association', 'We are a dedicated group of University of Toronto students committed to supporting high school students, especially those from diverse backgrounds, as they navigate the complex university application process. Our mission is to demystify university admissions, providing personalized guidance and resources to ensure all students have the tools they need to succeed.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/ut-application-counselor-society/')(3217, 'UofT Zine Club', 'UofT Zine Club holds events, talks, workshops and casual meetups around zines and DIY culture. This encompasses artist multiples, small press, guerilla publishing, comics/cartooning, fan culture, print ephemera, experimental forms of writing, and more. UofT Zine Club advocates for the fair compensation of artists’ labour and the artistic and academic value of zines. Seasoned zinesters and curious onlookers alike are welcome to play, create, and learn with us!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftzineclub/')(3218, 'UofTrees', 'UofTrees is essentially focused on planting trees. We are looking to have tree planting events in Toronto, as well as hand out baby trees to those at events for other clubs. The club will be seeking tree donors and providers, as well as community resources and city-approved planting areas in order to make this possible.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftrees/?hl=en')(3219, 'UofT Undergraduate Research Students’ Association (UofT URSA)', 'Are you curious about the cutting-edge research happening at UofT? Would you like to learn about the many research opportunities available on-campus? Join us on Friday evenings to learn about the exciting scientific research happening at UofT, listen to guest speakers, and make new friends!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-undergraduate-research-students-association-uoft-ursa/')(3220, 'UofT Stuffed Animal Appreciation Club (UTSAAC)', '\xa0', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-stuffed-animal-appreciation-club-utsaac/')(3221, 'UOFT Tempo Volleyball Club (TVC)', 'Tempo Volleyball Club (TVC) is a volleyball club that provides casual volleyball drop-ins, socials, volleyball skill clinics, and competitive tournaments (with cash prizes!) for all skill levels and backgrounds. We strive to create a vibrant, safe and inclusive community at the University of Toronto St. George Campus, bringing together people interested in volleyball. We aspire to healthily promote different deviations and cultural styles of volleyball (5-1 coed, 4-2 coed, Reverses,\xa0 6s, 4s, Beach, Grass, Chinese 9-man) to a fresh audience of new players and veterans alike! Anyone interested in joining the club can go to the linktree through our instagram!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofttempo/')(3222, 'UofT Boxing Club', 'A recreational group that adheres to the boxing standards and regulations set by Boxing Ontario (including COVID-19 restrictions set by Boxing Ontario and the Ontario Ministry of Health (MOH)).', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_boxing_club/?hl=en')(3223, 'UofT Students for Reproductive Justice', 'UofT Students for Choice is a pro-choice student organization at the University of Toronto, advocating for an individual’s right to make autonomous decisions about their own body.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftstudentsforchoice/')(3224, 'UofT Blueprint Student Club, Technology for Nonprofits', 'Blueprint strives to make technology accessible and useful for those who create communities and promote public welfare. We’re a team of students that develops software pro bono for nonprofits and promotes technology for social good. Through Blueprint, members will build professional and social skills while contributing to their community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftblueprint')(3225, 'UofT Baking Club', 'The UofT Baking Club, established in 2020, is a welcoming social club for students who have a sweet tooth and a passion for baking. Our aim is to create a vibrant and inclusive community at UofT where individuals of all baking skill levels can come together, connect with like-minded peers, and form lasting friendships. Whether you’re a seasoned baker or just discovered your love for baking, we invite everyone to join us.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftbakingclub/')(3226, 'UofT Career Path Navigational Network Club', 'Our mission is to provide all UofT students, regardless of background, major, or year of study, with job-seeking guidance, assisting them in career planning and expanding their professional and social networks, ensuring that every student feels represented and supported. Our slogan is: Every Path. Every Student. One Network.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uoft-career-path-navigational-network-club/')(3227, 'University off Toronto Students Theatre Company (UTC)', 'As an ensemble, we will focus on a different dramatist and a different acting method such as Stella Adler, Grotowski stay Stanislavski. We will examine texts from Oscar Wilde, Shakespeare and other classical theatre writers. We put on the shows for training purposes and for the purpose of making showreels to step into the acting industry career.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-off-toronto-theatre-company-utc/')(3228, 'University of Toronto: Women in Sport', 'A community for woman-identifying student-athletes, staff, faculty and alumni who compete/have competed/work in sport. We provide our members with a supportive environment to meet like-minded people, share their experiences, celebrate their achievements, and access resources and opportunities to facilitate their academic, athletic and professional success.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_womeninsport/')(3229, 'University of Toronto, Let’s Eat Club', 'Hey UofT, let’s eat!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftletseat/')(3230, 'University of Toronto Young Liberals (UofTYL)', 'Then the UofT Young Liberals is the right for you. Whether you’ve knocked 1000 doors or are setting foot in Canada for the first time, we would love to see you at one of our regular social events, canvasses, or policy discussions.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftliberals/')(3231, 'University of Toronto Women’s Flag Football Club', 'The purpose of this organization is to integrate sport and a sense of community in a competitive and athletic environment. The aim is to provide a safe and inclusive space where all students feel welcome. The University of Toronto Women’s Flag Football (UTWFF) club aims to provide the female-identifying population at the University of Toronto an opportunity to learn and experience the sport of flag football in an authentic league to compete against other universities and institutions within the Ontario region in association with the Ontario Women’s Intercollegiate Football Association (OWIFA). The first and foremost goal is to have fun, followed by the achievement of team cohesion and, finally, to develop a competitive drive under the principles of TrueSport. This organization will participate at various tournaments across Ontario, including the annual University of Toronto Tournament, and strive for victory.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftflagfootball/')(3232, 'University of Toronto Women’s Student Association', 'Our mission is to equip self-identifying women with effective resources and empower them to tackle their goals. Our objectives include the following:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftwomens')(3233, 'University of Toronto Vietnamese Students’ Association (UTVSA)', 'The University of Toronto Vietnamese Students’ Association (UTVSA) is a non-profit organization founded in 1981. Since then, the UTVSA has sought to promote and preserve Vietnamese language and culture by encouraging dialogue between University of Toronto students and the Vietnamese community. In collaboration with Vietnamese Students’ Unions from other Universities around Ontario, UTVSA has actively worked to better the University experience for Vietnamese students by providing a strong supportive social network, organized social and academic based events, and a forum for discussion within a vibrant Vietnamese community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utvsa/')(3234, 'University of Toronto Venture Club', 'The University of Toronto Venture Club is a student organization founded and operated by a group of innovative and entrepreneurial-minded students. We are proud to be the first innovation and venture capital organization established by students in the history of the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ut.ventureclub/')(3235, 'University of Toronto VEX Robotics Team (VEX UofT)', 'The group will participate in the Post Secondary Division in the VEX Robotic Competition(VRC), which is also known as VEX U. The group will be initially composed of one team and will expand to multiple teams when more members have joined. The team is hoping to create robotics related hands-on experience through the participation in competitions which offers the student a chance to design and build a robot with the team, as well as maintaining a degree of fun by engaging in game-like competition hosted around the world.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-vex-robotics-team-vex-uoft/')(3236, 'University of Toronto Trustworthy Machine Intelligence Student Group', 'The UofT Trustworthy Machine Intelligence team (TMI) is committed to educating and taking action on ethical concerns within artificial intelligence and data science. Our mission is to make ethics in AI more accessible through educational workshops and hands-on projects. Past projects include Ethical AI Podcast, Debiasing Facial Recognition, Sentiment Analysis of Tweets, and Deep Learning with Differential Privacy.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_tmi/')(3237, 'University of Toronto Valorant Club', 'Our goal:', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-valorant-club/')(3238, 'University of Toronto Toastmasters Student Chapter', 'University of Toronto Toastmasters (UTT) is a club that is aimed at creating a supportive environment where anyone can improve their public speaking and leadership skills. The club began in 2004, beginning life as University of Toronto Engineering Toastmasters.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofttoastmasters/')(3239, 'University of Toronto Trading Card Game Club (UOFTCGC)', 'YuGiOh, Magic, Pokemon, we support them all, the UOFTCGC strives to be the final destination on your quest for trading card game gameplay on both UTM and UTSG campus. Our goal is to establish a student led safe space for students with no upfront membership fee. Please follow/join us on either Discord or Instagram (UOFTCGC) to be informed on when we hold events.\xa0 Hope to see you soon!!!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcgc/')(3240, 'University of Toronto Thai Student Association', 'University of Toronto Thai Student Association (UTTSA) is a cultural group which purpose is to promote the diversity of culture at the University of Toronto. Our goals are to provide assistance to Thai students and community members of University of Toronto, and to promote Thai culture in various areas such as Thai Boxing, Thai food, and tourist attractions.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uttsa_uoft/?hl=th')(3241, 'University of Toronto Tetris Club', 'UofT Tetris Club is intended to help UofT students who play Tetris meet, socialize, and game with each other. We aim to introduce more students to Tetris by hosting weekly in-person meetings, online tournaments, and Toronto LANs. Our club welcomes players of all skill levels, and we hope to provide support for newer players in our Discord server, with links to resources and channels for players to ask veteran players for help.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_tetris/')(3242, 'University of Toronto Tennis Club (UTTC)', 'The focus of the U of T Tennis Club is to PROMOTE the sport of tennis. The club offers a setting for the students and faculty of the university to share their love for tennis. We strive to offer members an opportunity to play tennis, improve their game, and overall enjoy the experience. Both competitive and recreational tennis exists among the weekly practice sessions and seasonal tournaments offered, providing an avenue for people of all levels to join.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofttennisclub/')(3243, 'University of Toronto Taekwondo Student Organization', 'TaeKwonDo has its roots in Korea but it has evolved into the quick paced martial art that is practiced globally. UTTO is a fantastic way for those interested in the art of Taekwondo to get together and practice their skills, perfect their technique and master new kicks. We hold classes for all skill levels starting at an introductory level and going all the way for classes held for competitive sparring. During the regular Fall/Winter semester, the club has approximately 50 beginner/intermediate students and 20 competitive team members.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofttaekwondo/')(3244, 'University of Toronto Sahaja Yoga Club', 'The University of Toronto Sahaja Yoga Club offers free meditation classes that allow you to connect with your true self. Open to all skills and ages, hope to see you there!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/medita.teen/')(3245, 'University of Toronto Psychedelic Club (UTPC)', 'The University of Toronto Psychedelic club exists to support advocacy efforts, foster academic discourse, spark new research projects and build community within the emerging field of psychedelic medicine. As a group, we plan to engage in helping shape the legal and regulatory framework to incorporate harm-reduction principles while ensuring policy aligns with scientific evidence and is poised to provide the greatest benefit to humanity. In addition to advocacy work, journal club and research presentations will enable students to engage with leading research in the fields of neuroscience, psychology, pharmacology, chemistry and psychiatry. Beyond the usual networking that happens at social events, we seek to provide spaces where students can connect on a deeper level and form valuable personal relationships.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftpsychedelic/')(3246, 'University of Toronto Sailing Club', 'UofT Sailing offers both competitive and recreational sailing opportunities. Our competitive team competes in the Canadian Intercollegiate Sailing Association (CICSA) and the Mid Atlantic Sailing Association (MAISA) in the United States. We train and compete in the fall, with teams attending regattas every weekend and individuals attending at least 2 regattas a season.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftsailing/')(3247, 'University of Toronto Pre-Pharmacy Student Association (UTPPSA)', 'The University of Toronto Pre-Pharmacy Student Association is a student-led group at the University of Toronto St. George Campus that aims to foster a community of enthusiastic students interested in pursuing pharmacy to collaboratively build skills and engage in learning about topics in the field. Through our events, we hope to promote interest in pharmacy, provide accessible information regarding admissions processes, and connect students with professionals in the field and resources for success.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftprepharmacy/')(3248, 'University of Toronto Pre-Law Students’ Association (UTPLSA)', 'The University of Toronto Pre-Law Students’ Association is a student-administrated, campus-recognized organization committed to providing students with information concerning law school, legal careers, and other related resources. Whether you are unsure about entering the legal field, dead set upon it, or looking for law-related experiences, we invite you to join our community by signing up for membership and taking part in our teams and events.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utpls/')(3249, 'University of Toronto Pre-Dental Student Association', 'The University of Toronto Pre-Dental Association seeks to actively engage and connect students who are interested in the field of dentistry with one another as well as with dentists, researchers, and dental scholars. It will provide students with an opportunity to be familiarized with the various branches of dentistry. Non-pre-dental students with various backgrounds who have a keen interest in this field will also have a chance to take part in spreading global dental health awareness.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftpredental/')(3250, 'University of Toronto Portuguese Student Associations (UTPA)', 'Our club represents Portuguese and Portuguese-speaking students at the University of Toronto. Every year the University of Toronto Portuguese Association (U.T.P.A.), a group of students who are interested in the Portuguese culture, promote new coming Portuguese and Portuguese-speaking students (and all students) to come to the university to study. Our message is that Lusophone young students can be whoever they would like to become. The UTPA is here to help them on their journey.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/theutpa/')(3251, 'University Of Toronto Poutine Club', 'At Poutine Club, our mission is to create a vibrant and inclusive community for international students in Canada while celebrating and showcasing the local culture. We understand that arriving in a new country can be both exciting and challenging, and we aim to provide a supportive network that eases the transition and enhances the university experience.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftpoutine/')(3252, 'University of Toronto Policython Club (UTP)', 'University of Toronto Policython aims to educate and challenge students interested in Policy and Government, Diplomacy, and related fields by holding an annual Policython. This event combines the educational insight offered by MUNs and the fast- paced, high pressure nature of hackathons to allow students to put their abilities and skills to the test in a fun and fulfilling way. At the end of the event, participants will have created a policy brief to be judged by experts and potentially awarded.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.policython/')(3253, 'University of Toronto Polo Club', 'The University of Toronto Polo Club is a non-for-profit club dedicated to rendering the sport of polo accessible to all interested U of T undergraduates,\xa0with the final goal of sevā (Sanskrit for selfless service). U of T Polo’s duplexity lies in its aim to share the history & rules of the sport, as well as to offer members the chance to experience the sport of polo, view a tournament and/or horseback time if desired. A social and relaxed club, new members can expect camaraderie, regular brunch socials downtown, and social gatherings to amass funds to charities and club operation.\xa0Through the sport and entertainment of polo, we hope to provide certain aid to medical, social, and environmental challenges that impact our communities and concern the student body at large. Students from all backgrounds are highly encouraged to participate in the sport, inexperienced and experienced players alike.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftpolo')(3254, 'University of Toronto Poker Club', 'Since its formation, the University of Toronto Poker Club has been at the forefront of promoting the game of poker, advancing the skills of its members, and connecting the players within the University of Toronto community. The club runs social events, games, and tournaments campus-wide. In addition, the club forms coalitions with the individual colleges’ poker clubs, promote their events and aim to establish a sustainable poker community. The club denounces financial gambling and advocates the sporting side of poker.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftpoker/')(3255, 'University of Toronto Naginata Club (UTNC)', 'This student group is dedicated to the practice and study of Atarashii Naginata (Modern Naginata) and its growth in North America. The group helps to foster the development of Naginata practitioners and athletes within the university and collegiate communities of Canada by providing the opportunity to do and study modern Naginata within a university club context. Classical Naginata is also studied when an appropriate teacher (sensei) is present.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftnaginata/?hl=en')(3256, 'University of Toronto Outing Club (UTOC) Student Chapter', 'The University of Toronto Outing Club (UTOC) was established in 1957. The UTOC Student Chapter, formally established in 2024, is composed of students, faculty and staff who are interested in a variety of outdoor activities including but not limited to canoeing, camping and hiking. Club members\xa0 are encouraged to organize outdoor focused trips of all manner.\xa0 UTOC also owns a cabin near Metcalfe Rock at the Niagara Escarpment where members have access throughout the year. Interested in joining? Visit our website at: ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utoc_club')(3257, 'University of Toronto Musical Design Student Team', 'The University of Toronto Musical Design team (UTMD) is a community of designers, engineers and musicians creating instruments and innovating new ways of making music. The club offers opportunities to be involved in instrument design research and development, open mic nights to showcase your music, and jamming sessions to form a musician community. As a design member, you will get to build an instrument, contribute to research and collaborate with other departments.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftmusicaldesign/')(3258, 'University of Toronto Moroccan Association (UTMA)', 'UTMA is a group dedicated to promote the Moroccan culture on campus through social and educational events. UTMA also aims to provide networking opportunities and guidance to students. It is open to all members of the University of Toronto!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftmoroccassociation/')(3259, 'University of Toronto Mongolian Students’ Association (UTMSA)', 'UTMSA serves as the official representative body for Mongolian students at the University of Toronto. Our mission is to create a welcoming environment, foster cultural exchange, and provide valuable support for all Mongolian students on campus.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftmongolia/')(3260, 'University of Toronto Mock Trial Club', 'The University of Toronto Mock Trial Club is the full realization of almost a decade of mock trial competition at UofT and the University of Toronto Pre-Law Students’ Association (UTPLSA). Host to Canada’s first, and most dominant, Canadian and American (AMTA) Mock Trial teams, including the first Canadian team to advance to the AMTA National Championship, the UofT Mock Trial Club is home to the most competitive mock trial programs in Canada. With dozens of competition wins, awards at the highest levels, and recognition for not just our competitive prowess but also civility, UofT Mock Trial is the perfect place to learn Mock Trial and compete with the best.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-mock-trial-club/')(3261, 'University of Toronto Engineering Students Consulting Association', 'The goal of University of Toronto Engineering Students Consulting Association is to encourage and foster student interest in the practice and professions of engineering and management consulting. The organization’s focus is to organize student teams that tackle real world problems for clients in the local community through engineering ideas and principles. We offer two types of engagements:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utesca/')(3262, 'University of Toronto Engineering Finance Student Association (UTEFA)', 'The University of Toronto Engineering Finance Student Association (UTEFA) is an educational organization that aims to provide students with an exposure to the finance industry. Our mission is to provide an opportunity for students to study and understand various sectors of the Capital Markets through engaging in investing, research, and analysis activities. Core activities of our club include performing analysis on equities, stock pitches, and weekly news updates on hot topics within global Capital Markets. Our alumni have gone on to joining leading firms and financial institutions, including Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, CIBC, and CPP Investments.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utefa_uoft/')(3263, 'University of Toronto Emergency First Responders Club (UTEFR Club)', 'We also run heavily discounted first aid and first responder courses for UofT students and the greater community. Our instructors are all current working medics and base the course content from practical experience and knowledge gained in the field.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_utefr/')(3264, 'University of Toronto Elite Student Union', 'Welcome to the epicenter of excellence, where academic prowess meets unparalleled camaraderie. UTESU, the University of Toronto Elite Student Union, is a vibrant and dynamic community that celebrates and fosters the brilliance of its members. Whether you’re a seasoned scholar, a budding innovator, or a passionate advocate for change, UTESU provides a platform where your talents, ambitions, and aspirations can thrive.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofteliteunion/')(3265, 'University of Toronto Effective Altruism (Student Chapter)\xa0', 'Given our limited resources, how can we do the most good? University of Toronto Effective Altruism is a new chapter of Effective Altruism, a global movement dedicated to answering that question and acting on our answers. UTEA aims to help students learn about how they can maximize their positive impact through their careers, projects, and donations.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_ea/')(3266, 'University of Toronto Electronic Music Community (UTEMC)', 'University of Toronto Electronic Music Community (UTEMC) aims to establish a group of like-minded individuals with an interest in electronic music and DJ events. Through UTEMC, activities and gatherings such as DJ workshops, electronic music production sessions, and DJ events are organised regularly to promote the electronic music culture within U of T.\xa0Our vision is to ensure that there is a place for enthusiasts to congregate and discuss upcoming events, new music or meet new people with similar tastes.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-electronic-music-community-utemc/')(3267, 'University of Toronto Digital Currency Club', 'The University of Toronto Crypto Club is a student run club dedicated to forming a network of those interested in cryptocurrencies (crypto) and blockchain technology. The group hopes to form a community of like-minded individuals looking for neutral, unbiased information pertaining to crypto including: what cryptocurrencies are, their legality and regulation, the underlying technology, and their broader influence on mainstream financial markets and geopolitics.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-digital-currency-club/')(3268, 'University of Toronto Cybersecurity Student Association (CSSA)', 'The University of Toronto Cybersecurity Student Association is a student-run association that aims to develop and promote cybersecurity awareness by bringing students of similar interests together and providing them with cybersecurity resources and events to advance their knowledge in the field.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcssa/')(3269, 'University of Toronto Cultural Cooking Club', 'The University of Toronto Cultural Cooking Club (UofT Cultural Cooking Club) was founded to bring together chefs, bakers, and food enthusiasts (those who LOVE food but don’t want to make it!) across UofT who have a passion for the art of cooking. We hope to develop a diverse and vibrant community of chefs at all levels of cooking expertise, emphasizing the variety of unique tastes belonging to cuisines across the globe. Come join us as we embark on our journey to explore the secrets cooking has to offer!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-cultural-cooking-club/')(3270, 'University of Toronto Concrete Toboggan Student Design Team', 'Every year our team of dedicated students works to design, build and safely race a concrete toboggan at the Great Northern Concrete Toboggan Race. The toboggan is designed and built entirely by students, which not only provides a hands-on learning environment, but gives us an opportunity to proudly showcase the university at the largest national engineering design competition. As spirit is also judged in our competition, we challenge our creative side by developing a theme, making costumes, and participating in spirit challenges.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftbog/')(3271, 'University of Toronto Computer Poker Student Research Group', 'Since its formation, the University of Toronto Computer Poker Student Research Group has been a forum for both formal and informal discourse in the field of computer poker within the University of Toronto community. Most members in the group are students from the University of Toronto, but we maintain good relations with groups of similar interest from other universities. The group carries out research and/or develops open-source tools to further the world’s poker community often under the guidance of various University of Toronto Professors.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-computer-poker-research-group/')(3272, 'University of Toronto Coders Student Group', 'UofT Coders is a group devoted to helping academics learn computer programming skills for use in their research, as well as teaching best practices in scientific computing, promoting open science and reproducible research practices, and promoting collaboration and resource-sharing among graduate students at the University of Toronto. Through co-working and skill-sharing sessions, as well as more structured lectures on various topics in computing, U of T Coders aims to improve the coding and computing skills of the University of Toronto research community.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-of-toronto-scientific-coders/')(3273, 'University of Toronto Climbing Club (UTCC)', 'The University of Toronto Climbing Club (UTCC) aims to get UofT students climbing! Whether you’ve never stepped foot in a climbing gym or you flash V7’s, interested in bouldering, sport climbing, rope climbing or even ice climbing, you’re more than welcome to come to our many events! Take the opportunity to stay fit and socialize with other students at the same time, all the while participating in a fun and safe environment while taking a break from school.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftclimbs/')(3274, 'University of Toronto Chinese Student Volunteer Association (UTCSVA)', 'UTCVA (University of Toronto Chinese Volunteer Association) is a U of T recognized campus group initiated by U of T Chinese students. UTCVA pays close attention to the economic and education conditions in some of the less developed regions in rural China. Through our efforts, we hope to bridge these regions with information and resources from other parts of the world, to attract investment from within and outside of china, as well as to enhance the overall education and economic conditions of those regions.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utcvacare')(3275, 'University of Toronto Chinese Politics Club', 'University of Toronto Chinese Politics Club, in short UTCPC is an academic organization devoted to promoting discussions, debates, and studies on the academic subjects of Chinese politics, international politics, and Canada-China bilateral relationship. We, UTCPC, organize our academic dialogue in form of a roundtable discussion, both in English and in Chinese. Events such as debates and seminars will also be held at least once in a quarter of a year.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ut_cpr/')(3276, 'University of Toronto Anime, Comic & Game (UTACG 多大动漫社)', 'As a non-profit student association, UTACG commits to building a platform for “Otaku” to communicate with each other. Whether you are comic fans, Anime lovers, or video gamers, you are all welcome to join our family. The main social platform we use is Wechat and Discord. During this year with the pandemic, we will try conducting activities online for both new students to UofT and old students so that studying remotely won’t affect their year at UofT.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utacg_kokoro/')(3277, 'University of Toronto Alternative Investment Club (UTAIC)', 'The University of Toronto Alternative Investment Club (UTAIC) is for eager University of Toronto students that are looking to deepen their understanding of the alternative investment space. We provide experiential education through the utilization of case-based learning, trading competitions, and guest speaker events. Some specific sectors within alternatives that we cover include commodities, private equity, hedge funds, and real estate.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/rotman-commerce-alternative-investment-group-rcai/')(3278, 'University of Toronto Allegro Student Choir', 'Hello and welcome to the Student Organization Portal (SOP) website of the University of Toronto Allegro Choir! We are a student-led choir that specializes in singing Mandarin and English songs, bringing together different cultures through the universal language of music.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftallegrochoir/?utm_medium=copy_link')(3279, 'University of Toronto Aerospace Team', 'The University of Toronto Aerospace Team (UTAT) is the University of Toronto’s largest student design team, with around 200 active undergraduate and graduate members across all disciplines and backgrounds. The team’s mission is to foster leaders and innovators in aerospace engineering through ambitious design projects, in a challenging and supportive environment, while making a positive impact through technology innovation, policy advocacy, and community outreach. With a mission of working at the cutting edge of aerospace technology, UTAT has developed unique and creative design projects which provide excellent member experience and unparalleled visibility for the university in aerospace.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_aerospaceteam')(3280, 'University of Toronto Actuarial Science Club', 'The University of Toronto Actuarial Science Club is a student-run organization focused on providing a positive experience for those in the Actuarial Science program. Be it through diverse social events, informational seminars, or workshops, the club strives to prepare Actuarial Science students to perform well in the program and in the industry.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftactsciclub/')(3281, 'University of Toronto Accessibility Awareness Club', '\xa0', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/u_taac/')(3282, 'University of Toronto – Trek for Teens Student Chapter', 'The University of Toronto Trek for Teens Student Chapter will raise funds and awareness for homeless youth, with a particular emphasis on the organizations supported by the Trek for Teens Foundation Inc. The group will support the Trek for Teens Foundation Inc. in their events, campaigns and activities and will provide students with the opportunity to volunteer for local homeless service providers.The group will help students grow through the organization of awareness and fundraising campaigns, activities and events. It will further enable students to reach out to the community, by acting in leadership positions and develop their public speaking skills, primarily through workshops and presentations to post-secondary, high school and elementary level students.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofttrekforteens/')(3283, 'University College Residence Council (UCRC)', 'Created in 1992, the University College Residence Council, or UCRC, is University College’s newest  (and thus coolest) student government. While other student governments, such as the University College Literary and Athletic Society, deal with mainly extracurricular activities, only the UCRC deals with issues specific to residence life in University College. The UCRC acts as an umbrella for the individual house councils, and holds numerous residence-wide events. These activities include parties, charity toy drives, environmental awareness campaigns, and resource distribution, just to name a few.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-college-residence-council-ucrc/')(3284, 'University College Literary & Athletic Society (UCLit)', 'Every undergraduate student in University College belongs to the University College Literary and Athletic Society, fondly referred to as the UC Lit. Founded in 1854 and composed of 31 elected student representatives, the UC Lit provides many services, organizes a variety of events, and represents almost 5000 University College students at UofT.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uclit_uoft/?hl=en')(3285, 'United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund: University of Toronto Student Chapter (UNICEF)', 'U of T UNICEF, a university group directly affiliated with UNICEF Canada, strives to raise funds and promote awareness of issues such as child labour, poverty, gender inequality, illiteracy, HIV/AIDS, and living environment. We operate through our two programs to target both the university community and local youth.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/united-nations-international-childrens-emergency-fund-unicef/')(3286, 'University Bible Fellowship', 'UBF is a group to facilitate an interest in Bible study, and provide fellowship opportunities among students, including meetings, seasonal retreats, and conferences.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/university-bible-fellowship/')(3287, 'United for Literacy at St. George Student Chapter', 'United for Literacy at U of T St. George is a non-profit, volunteer-run student organization at the University of Toronto. Our program fosters the development of skills in basic literacy, numeracy, and English as a Second Language for elementary, secondary and adult learners. We believe literacy is a right. We work with volunteers\xa0and community partners to give people the skills and confidence they need to reach their potential!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/frontier-college-literacy-at-uoft-st-george/')(3288, 'Univeristy of Toronto Wine Club', 'The purpose of the wine society is to bring to light the rich and important culture surrounding wine production, distribution, and trends. The club is educational, many of the members have found a lack of education about alcohol, wine in particular can lead to an unhealthy relationship with it. Through learning about the way wine should be looked at, as an artistic expression produced by the earth, we hope to enhance people’s understanding and create a better relationship with alcohol. It is also an asset to know about wine in a business setting, this club can provide members with a foundational education in wines from which they can broaden their understanding of this vast industry. We hope to engage with Canada’s wine producers especially within the southern Ontario region, this is a great outreach opportunity for the university. Events will focus on teaching about different regions of wine production with guest speakers, wine producers and merchants already expressing interest in sharing their thoughts.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/univeristy-of-toronto-wine-society/')(3289, 'UniReach Global (URG)', '\xa0', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/unireach_global/')(3290, 'Uniform Newsletter', 'Introducing Uniform: Your Bi-Monthly Guide to Fashion Law, Business, and Design.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/uniform-newsletter/')(3291, 'Underground Training Club', ' ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/underground-training-club/')(3292, 'Undergraduate Women in Computer Science Student Association (WiCS)', 'Purpose:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftwics/')(3293, 'Undergraduate Society of American Studies', 'The Undergraduate Society of American Studies is the course union at U of T St. George that represents all students enrolled in the American Studies program or in an AMS course at the University of Toronto. We promote the program, advocate for students, and organize both social and academic events.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftusas/')(3294, 'Undergraduate Student Ministry of Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship', 'USM is a Christian fellowship group that strives to:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ivcfuoft/?hl=en')(3295, 'Undergraduate Physiology Students’ Association (UPSA)', 'The Undergraduate Physiology Students Association is a student run organization under the Department of Physiology at the University of Toronto. We are an organization run by physiology students for physiology students. UPSA aims provide resources to students such as test packages for physiology courses, as well as host a range of academic and social events!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/upsa_uoft/')(3296, 'Undergraduate Pharmacy Society (UPS)', 'The Undergraduate Pharmacy Society (UPS) is an organization run by the students for the students. As a pharmacy student, you are automatically a member of this society. UPS links all four classes together, as well as the faculty staff. Our mission is to “promote social, athletic, and professional activities to the undergraduate pharmacy student for the purpose of enhancing the educational experience at this faculty”.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftpharmacysociety/?hl=en')(3297, 'Undergraduate Earth Science Association', 'This club is an ASSU affiliated organization that represents the Earth Sciences department on campus. We host academic seminars, movie and games nights and industry events to mentor and engage with undergraduate students on UTSG.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/undergraduate-earth-science-association/')(3298, 'UDesign', 'UDesign is a student-run creative design club that provides creative design solutions for clients within and outside the University of Toronto, whilst developing creative design skills for our members.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/udesignstudio/')(3299, 'U of T Student Chapter Educating Chinese Children-Hope Offered', 'ECCHO, founded in January 2013, is the U of T Chapter of ECCHO Volunteer', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/u-of-t-chapter-educating-chinese-children-hope-offered/')(3300, 'Toronto Undergraduate Geography Society (TUGS)', 'The Toronto Undergraduate Geography Society (TUGS) is the geography student union. If you are taking a geography course you are automatically a member of TUGS. Throughout the year, TUGS organizes academic seminars, the Landmarks Journal launch and socials for geography students. We also represent geography students on the Arts and Science Students’ Union (ASSU) Council and on a number of committees in the geography department. In addition, we have an office in Sidney Smith Room 611. Students are welcome to stop by the office whenever the door is open to ask questions about programs, courses and geography in general.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/tugs.uoft/?hl=en')(3301, 'U of T Stem Cell Club Student Chapter', 'Patients with blood cancers may require a stem cell transplant as part of their treatment. However, 80% of patients do not have a suitable match in their family, and must find an unrelated donor. Canada’s stem cell donor-database is used to match potential donors to patients. Individuals age 17-35 can register to join this database at stem cell drives, where they swab their cheeks to provide a tissue sample for a DNA test. Finding a match for transplant is difficult: currently, over 1000 Canadians cannot find a match.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_stemcellclub/')(3302, 'Toronto Science Policy Network (TSPN)', 'The Toronto Science Policy Network (TSPN) aims to provide a platform for students (graduate and undergraduate) as well as post doctoral researchers to learn more about and engage in science policy.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/toronto-science-policy-network/')(3303, 'Toronto School of Theology Graduate Students’ Association', 'The TST Graduate Students’ Association (TGSA) exists for the benefit of all graduate students at the Toronto School of Theology. Whether full time or part time, all graduate students enrolled at any TST college are members of the TGSA, pay fees to the TGSA, and can nominate and elect their fellow students to the TGSA Board.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/toronto-school-of-theology-graduate-students-association/')(3304, 'Thrift/Vintage Fashion Club', 'The purpose, objectives, mission and/or mandate of the organization is to promote sustainable fashion with other like-minded individuals who have a passion for vintage/up-cycled fashion. With an ever-growing and increasingly wasteful fast-fashion industry, this club targets issues in fashion by making thrifting and up-cylcing clothing fun. The goal is to create an inclusive and fun environment for people to join and share their love for sustainable fashion with field-trips, workshops, expos, contests, fashion-shows, guest speaketrs, etc.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/thrift-vintage-fashion-club/')(3305, 'ThinkLOut', 'In today’s world, with an environment more fast-paced than ever before, it becomes harder every day to keep up with the new technological advancements. However, as individuals, we cannot grow and flourish unless our rate of learning is greater than the rate of change. As such, and to materialize the learning aspect of our LAN principles, the purpose of ThinkL’Out is to introduce interested students to virtual reality, metaverse, and web 3.0 and discuss the foreseeable opportunities that these advancements can offer humanity. Our goal is to provide our members with an opportunity to ask open-ended questions that will garner reflective discussions from which new ideas can emerge. Meanwhile, to support the acting aspect of our LAN principles, we intend to support innovations and projects involving VR, AR, and metaverse through financing and providing access to required resources (e.g., AR+VR headsets). In terms of networking, on a large scale, we aim to connect students, not only from the University of Toronto but also from other North American and European universities, who have a shared interest in virtual reality through Metaverse. On a smaller scale, our goal is to select high-potential student projects and connect each project group with an industry mentor who would provide professional guidance and feedback.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/thinklout/')(3306, 'The Youth STEM Outreach Collective (YSOC)', ' ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ysoc_uoft/')(3307, 'The Wandering Craft', '\xa0', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-wandering-craft-2/')(3308, 'The Women’s Network (TWN)', 'The Women’s Network (TWN) is the largest collegiate women’s networking organization in North America. There are 50,000+ TWN members spanning 120+ campus chapters', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/thewomensnetwork_toronto/')(3309, 'The University of Toronto ViewFinder Camera Club', 'We are UT Viewfinder, a student-based photography club from the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ut_viewfinder/')(3310, 'The University of Toronto Veg Club', 'The University of Toronto Veg Club is a student-run group that is dedicated to promoting a plant-based lifestyle for the animals, the environment, and our health and wellbeing. Veg Club offers club-exclusive social events, volunteer opportunities, collaborations with other clubs, and other fun activities to advocate for veganism in a non-invasive way. All UofT students, alumni, and staff who are vegan, vegetarian, or veg-curious are welcome to join!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/vegclubuoft/')(3311, 'The University of Toronto Alt Protein Project Student Chapter', 'The University of Toronto Alt Protein Project is a chapter of a global student movement established by the Good Food Institute dedicated to transforming universities into engines for alternative protein education, research, and innovation. Leveraging our location in the dynamic Toronto area, we aim to raise awareness and create a vibrant community around the alternative protein field. Our mission is to host educational events featuring industry leaders and experts to spark scientific inquiry and innovation. As a leading research university, UofT is already home to research projects and emerging startups in plant-based proteins, cultivated meat, and precision fermentation. Despite this extensive research ecosystem, there is a notable lack of community support to synergize these efforts. Our chapter seeks to bridge this gap by cultivating a collaborative environment, creating educational programs, and establishing a talent pipeline, and by doing so becoming a cornerstone of the alternative protein ecosystem and a beacon for sustainability.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.altproteinproject/')(3312, 'The University of Toronto Academic Trivia Club', 'The University of Toronto Academic Trivia Club provides a fun and casual forum for students and members of the university community in general to play and practice quizbowl — a team-based trivia game whose topics normally span academic subjects across the arts, humanities, social sciences, and sciences, but can also include pop culture or other topics.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/torontoquizbowl/')(3313, 'The U of T Jungian Student Association', 'The U of T Jungian Association is dedicated to exploring the psychology and philosophy of C. G. Jung, as well as post-Jungian thought and related explorations of wisdom, philosophy of mind, and the unconscious. As a group, we explore these theories within an academic, social, and/or experiential context. We encourage enquiry, discussion, fun, and making new friends!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftjungianstudentassociation/')(3314, 'The University Toronto Student Chapter of the Thomistic Institute', 'The Thomistic Institute, an international organization, gives the following as its mission: The Thomistic Institute exists to promote Catholic truth in our contemporary world by strengthening the intellectual formation of Christians at universities, in the Church, and in the wider public square. The thought of St. Thomas Aquinas, the Universal Doctor of the Church, is our touchstone. In order to promote and foster this mission, the U of T TI will host events and lectures through collaboration with the Thomistic Institute in Washington DC. The Thomistic Institute can be explored further here: https://thomisticinstitute.org.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/thomistictoronto/')(3315, 'The Society for the Pursuit of AGI (SFPAGI)', '\xa0', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-society-for-the-pursuit-of-agi-sfpagi/')(3316, 'The Scientista Foundation Student Chapter at the University of Toronto', 'The Scientista Foundation at U of T aims to enrich the academic journey of women in post-secondary science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and medicine (STEMM), and promote a tight sense of community among the female science students at our vast university. Most importantly, we aim to provide valuable resources and support to aid our members in their future and current undertakings.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftscientista/?hl=en')(3317, 'The Quantitative Finance Club (QFC)', 'Plan on pursuing a career in quantitative finance? A membership in the Quantitative Finance club will help you master all the skills to successfully complete the competitive interview process for trading positions at prestigious firms. This club will provide students with the opportunity to network with students of similar interests and develop skills in a collaborative setting. We will choose from an extensive list of preparation questions and work through a number of them weekly.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/quantfinance.uoft/')(3318, 'The Positivity Project', 'Being university students ourselves, we know at first-hand how stressful one’s life can become during school and during this pandemic. It can sometimes feel like our lives are consumed with negativity. We decided to start The Positivity Project, in hopes of spreading positivity and mental health awareness!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/thepositivityproject.uoft/')(3319, 'The Rampant Lion Students’ Association', 'We are a student group that looks to strive for both academic and personal excellence in all aspects, and we support all members in all aspects in life, by providing a space and welcoming space for all.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-rampant-lion-foundation/')(3320, 'The PEARS Project', 'PEARS stands for Prevention, Empowerment, Advocacy, Response, for Survivors.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/thepearsproject/')(3321, 'The Mindful Project', 'The Mindful Project is a recognized club at the University of Toronto which aims to increase awareness and acceptance of neurodivergence and educate others about the neurodiversity paradigm as a disability rights movement.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftthemindfulproject/')(3322, 'The Mike', 'The official student newspaper of St. Michael’s College, the Mike is published once every second week during the school year. 5,000 free copies of the Mike are distributed on all three of the University of Toronto’s campuses.\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/the-mike/')(3323, 'The Ontario Public Interest Research Group (OPIRG) – Toronto', 'OPIRG-Toronto is a U of T based and entirely student-funded group with a mandate for action, education and research on issues of social and environmental justice. We are a volunteer driven organisation that aims to empower students and the broader community and to give people the tools and opportunity to work co-operatively for a more just and healthy society.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/opirgtoronto/')(3324, 'The Neurogenesis Student Chapter Project', 'The Neurogenesis Student Project at UTSG is a branch of the Neuroscience Foundation which is an organization for aspiring neurologists and neurosurgeons to connect, collaborate and contribute. It is the world’s first Neuroscience and humanitarianism student-led organization.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/neurogenesisprojectutsg/')(3325, 'The Nyantende Foundation (UofT Student Chapter)', 'Our club raises money for tuition for youth to attend school in DR Congo. We run socials (movie, game and paint nights, study together sessions, etc.) and fundraisers (gift grams and treat sales at events) to help achieve this goal. Any members of our club can expect to attend chill, fun events, meet new people, and raise money and awareness for a great cause.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/thenyantendefoundationuoft/')(3326, 'Swing Dance Club (UTSwing)', 'We are UT-Swing, the University of Toronto’s beginner-friendly swing dance club! We run beginner lessons, workshops and live music socials. We also host periodic larger events to provide new dancing experiences for our members and build community within the club and with dancers across Toronto and other universities. We offer discounted rates for students, but we’re open to community members as well – bring friends! Absolutely anyone who’s interested in swing dancing is more than welcome, even and especially if you’ve never danced before. We want to make swing dancing physically and financially accessible, so please get in contact if you have any concerns!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/swing-dance-club/')(3327, 'Sustainable Engineers Association', 'SEA defines sustainability as managing our resource usage to meet future environmental, social, and economical needs. Our mission is to empower students with professionals to create sustainable change in our community by acting as a platform to connect them. We do this through our events which provide individuals with opportunities to grow their knowledge, passion, and experience.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/seauoft/')(3328, 'Supply Chain Management Group (SCMG)', 'The Supply Chain Management Group at the University of Toronto is taking the lead in inspiring students’ passions for supply chain management and making it accessible to all, regardless of their field of study. By organizing events such as industry insights, case studies, speaker series, and workshops, we empower students to enhance their understanding of the industry and explore career prospects. Our goal is to build a supportive, inclusive community where members can actively connect, collaborate, and develop their practical skills through impactful interactions with industry professionals. Join us as we create opportunities for students to network, learn, and grow as future supply chain leaders!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/scmg.uoft/')(3329, 'Sustainable Buildings Network (SBN)', 'The Sustainable Buildings Network (SBN) is an association of Undergraduate and Graduate students interested in fields related to sustainable buildings and building energy. The SBN creates a collaborative environment to bring together building-focused sustainability groups across campuses.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/sbnuoft/')(3330, 'Surround Sound A Cappella', 'Surround Sound is a competitive all-gendered a cappella group. They recently competed in the 2023 ICCA Central Quarterfinals, placing second, winning a special award for their beatboxer and qualifying them for the Semifinals. The group is known for their characteristic tight harmonies, strong soloists, and sharing their favourite songs with their audience.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/acasurroundsound/')(3331, 'Studio Éclair Podcast (SEP)', 'Studio Éclair Podcast (SEP) shares knowledge and opinions on the field of architecture with students at the Daniels Faculty of Architecture, Landscape, and Design and other public audiences. Our goal is to create a welcoming and diverse environment for anyone interested in discussing architecture and the various topics within, as well as sharing the information with the general audience. The spectrum of our audience will be vast, from high school students aspiring to enter architecture school to practitioners who are interested in learning more about our faculty.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/studio-eclair-podcast-sep/')(3332, 'Students’ Law Society (SLS)', 'The Students’ Law Society (SLS), of which each full- and part-time J.D. student is automatically a member, is the focal point for all student-related law school activities, including policy issues and social events.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/students-law-society-sls/')(3333, 'Students in Data Science and Statistics (SDSS)', 'Students in Data Science and Statistics (SDSS) is a club dedicated to bringing academic support, professional development, and community to the students at UofT. Through opportunities such as workshops, discussions, networking events, social events, panels, datathons, and more concerning all different sectors of Data Science and Statistics, we hope to help students explore the field, gain new skills, build on existing ones, and inch closer to their goals.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/students-in-data-science-and-statistics-sdss/')(3334, 'Students for Vaccine Equity', 'We are a student group at the University of Toronto that seeks to raise awareness about stark inequalities in vaccine distribution and production, to create meaningful change by means of fundraising, advocacy, and education, and to offer valuable perspectives on vaccine equity as postsecondary students.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/studentsforvaccineequity/?hl=en')(3335, 'Students for Wishes University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'The Students for Wishes UofT Club is an organization benefiting and representative of the Make-A-Wish foundation. Our mission is to fundraise and help grant wishes to children with critical illnesses to', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/sfw.uoft/')(3336, 'Sustainable Investment Club', 'A student-run investment fund focused on environment-positive equity investments. Looking for institutional and financial partners to drive \xa0learning and growth. Welcoming passionate, hard-working students from all departments to join a dynamic, opportune industry as it accelerates into the future.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/theachintsingh/')(3337, 'Students for Shelters – Student Chapter UTSG', 'Students for Shelters is a non-profit student group Co-Founded by Breanna Lakhan and Hannah Benyamin in 2019 at the University of Toronto’s St. George Campus. We seek to collect under-donated items and redistribute them to local organizations around the GTA, with an aim to unite like-minded individuals who would like to give back to the community in an impactful way. We hope to create a space that inspires both faculty and students while raising awareness about contemporary issues and shedding light on the injustices faced by many within our society!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/s4s.utsg/')(3338, 'Students for Palestinian Human Rights', 'The aim of this organization is to systematically raise awareness for Palestinian human rights, in an effort to create a platform for healthy and productive discussion. It focuses on providing educational resources for those interested in learning more about the cause, while also introducing a community for Palestinian voices and international engagement. This is an organization for all students, regardless of ethnicity, religion, nationality, etc.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftpalrights/')(3339, 'Students for Life', 'University of Toronto Students for Life (UTSFL) is committed to proclaiming and defending the dignity of all human life from conception to natural death. We seek to do this by educating our campus community on current life issues and advocating for the right to life for all human beings. We oppose abortion, euthanasia, IVF, embryonic stem cell research, and all other acts which fail to protect the dignity of human life. We aim to save lives and provide students with resources, life-affirming alternatives, and healing from abortion-related trauma.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utsfl')(3340, 'Student Chapter for Healthcare Improvement at U of T (UTIHI)', 'UTIHI is a student-run organization that aims to provide undergraduate, graduate, and professional students with opportunities to practice and learn about healthcare quality improvement and patient safety. Founded in 2009, UTIHI has organized numerous seminars, conferences, and community projects to promote the field of quality improvement and patient safety among the University of Toronto community. As part of our ongoing commitment to educate students, we organize IPE-credited workshops (', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_ihi/?hl=en')(3341, 'Student Association for Geriatric Empowerment (SAGE)', 'SAGE’s mission is to bridge the empathy gap in long-term care by: forging intergenerational connections to reduce social isolation, raising awareness on and advocating for change in key issues in geriatric care, and organizing healthcare worker appreciation initiatives.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/sage.utsg/?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet&igshid=ODE2OTA4Y2Y1MQ==')(3342, 'STRUM', 'STRUM seeks to create a welcoming environment where members can come to learn the basics of ukulele playing and/or continue to develop their ability. \xa0The main objective is to create appreciation for music education and to provide the enriching experience of learning a new instrument.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/strum-2/')(3343, 'StrengthIN', 'StrengthIN empowers youth by teaching them to take care of their mental health. We believe that educating young people about mental health is crucial so that they can deal with academic and life stresses effectively. We host free interactive workshops in the GTA and offer online content for middle school, high school and university students. Workshop topics include self-care, coping skills, and academic stresses.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/strengthinuoft/?hl=en')(3344, 'Sunnybrook Research Institute Student Network (SSN)', 'SSN aims to foster a community for graduate students located at Sunnybrook, providing accessible resources and opportunities for ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/sri-student-network/')(3345, 'Students’ Alzheimer’s Alliance at U of T', 'Students’ Alzheimer’s Alliance at U of T (SAAUT) is a non-profit student organization organization that aims to support the fight against Alzheimer’s Disease. This involves taking action under the following three domains:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/saautoronto?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet&igsh=ZDNlZDc0MzIxNw==')(3346, 'Strategies for Transitioning and Excelling in Programs Student Association (STEP)', ' (Strategies for Transitioning and Excelling in Programs) is an initiative by a group of driven individuals within the University of Toronto St. George campus to facilitate the transition of students into university life. To combat the difficulties of first-year transitioning, research-backed ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/step_uoft/')(3347, 'Students’ Tea Party(sTEAp)', 'Every culture has something significant related to tea and its culture. As we emerge out of a', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftea.party/')(3348, 'STEM Fellowship UTSG Student Chapter', 'The purpose, objectives, mission and/or mandate of the organization is to create equitable learning opportunities, connections and experiences for students to develop modern skills for the digital age. We are the UofT St. George branch of STEM Fellowship, which is a Canadian charitable organization that empowers students and educators to become active and motivated partners in knowledge sharing and acquisition. STEM Fellowship is a community of students, educators & industry that creates opportunities for peer learning and Open Science. We provide experiential learning programs, mentorship opportunities, and workshops to equip students with skills in research, scholarly writing, and scientific communication.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/stemfellowship_utsg/?hl=en')(3349, 'Statistics Graduate Students’ Association', 'A description has not been provided to the Office of Student Affairs.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/statistics-graduate-students-association/')(3350, 'Skule™ Orchestra', 'Skule Orchestra is a symphonic orchestra where students have fun performing a wide variety of challenging repertoire, including classical and orchestral pops. We rehearse weekly and perform a concert at the end of each semester. Throughout the year, we hold clinics, socials, and trips to concerts, and in February we host Chamber Night, an intimate concert for students to play music they enjoy in small groups. If you played an instrument in high school and want to meet fun people with a shared interest in music, this could be the ensemble for you! Visit us at https://orchestra07.wixsite.com/skuleorchestra, and join us at our open rehearsal.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/skuleorchestra/')(3351, 'Skule™ Choir', 'Skule™ Choir is a student-led, student-run organization that values cross-disciplinary cooperation. We seek to bridge the gap between STEM and the arts and pride ourselves as a space where students of all backgrounds can develop leadership skills, musical expertise and beyond.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/skulechoir/')(3352, 'Skule Nite', 'Skule Nite is an annual musical and sketch comedy revue held in March and has traditionally been performed at Hart House Theatre. It is created and performed by students, and offers a fantastic chance for them to get involved in the engineering community. The production offers a wide variety of experiences in lighting, sound, set, props, and costume design, as well as arranging music, acting, singing, dancing, etc.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/skulenite/?hl=en')(3353, 'Silhouettes Dance Company', 'The Silhouettes Dance Company is comprised of a group of highly motivated dancers, wishing to continue their training throughout their University careers. The season culminates in a year-end production showcasing members’ original choreographic works. Silhouettes performs at a variety of charity and community events throughout the year on and around the U of T campus.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/silhouettesdance/?hl=en')(3354, 'Sharpe Financial Research Group', 'The Sharpe Financial Research Group aims to provide a platform for University of Toronto students to engage in industry-grade financial research, develop professional skills, and connect with industry professionals.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/sharpefinancial')(3355, 'SGI U of T Buddhist Club', 'SGI U of T Buddhist club is a group for anyone interested in learning more about the philosophy and history of Buddhism. Meetings are structured in such away to allow and encourage discussion of philosophy and spirituality in a relaxed environment and focus on how to apply Buddhism in daily life. They are often led by guest speakers who are practicing Buddhist members of Soka Gakkai International (SGI), which is an international buddhist movement that embraces humanistic values on the promotion of peace, culture and education. Weekly chanting sessions are also offered.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/sgi_canada/')(3356, 'SH Capital Investment Club at the University of Toronto (SH Capital @ UofT)', 'SH Capital @ UofT brings students who are interested in trading together.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/sh-capital-investment-club-at-the-university-of-toronto-sh-capital-uoft-2/')(3357, 'Sexual Diversity Studies Students’ Union', 'The Sexual Diversity Studies Students’ Union is a student-run course union that represents undergraduate students associated with the Mark S. Bonham Centre for Sexual Diversity Studies at the University of Toronto. This means that even if you’re taking one course that’s under the SDS umbrella, we’re here for you. Our goal is to act as a liaison between students and faculty in our department while also creating a community among our members.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/sexual-diversity-studies-students-union/')(3358, 'Sexual Education Centre', 'SEC’s mission is to provide supplies, information, resources, and educational programming to the greater University of Toronto community, addressing any and all aspects of human sexuality, intimacy, and gender identity. SEC strives to serve the community in a non-oppressive and non-judgemental manner, with an emphasis on confidentiality, accessibility, and harm reduction. Watch out for excellent events throughout the year, and visit our office to chat, learn more about our services, explore our library, or just to hang out!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utsec/?hl=en')(3359, 'Secondary School Interactive Crisis Simulation (SSICSIM)', 'Founded in May 2011, the Secondary School Interactive Crisis Simulation (SSICSIM) is an annual conference hosted by University of Toronto students for high school level delegates that offers an innovative and unprecedented conference experience.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ssicsim/')(3360, 'Screenwriting at Victoria College', 'Screenwriting at Victoria College aims to provide a high-quality learning environment for students who are interested in learning the art and craft of writing scripts for movies. By learning from Oscar-winning screenplays and reputable screenwriting books, students will learn the fundamental principles and techniques in screenwriting, ultimately preparing them to pursue screenwriting as a future profession.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/vicscreenwriting/?hl=en')(3361, 'Science Communication Club (SCC)', 'The SCC is the first science communication club at the University of Toronto. We focus on the public communication of current science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (S.T.E.M.) research to non-experts and the general public. We make science more accessible by producing and sharing accurate, unbiased, and creative science media. Our contributors thrive at the intersection of art and science. Apart from building bridges between professionals and non-experts, we aim to raise interest in science communication within and beyond the University of Toronto.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/science-communication-club/')(3362, 'Rowell Jackman Hall Residence Council', 'Rowell Jackman Hall Residence Council represents the student residents at the apartment-style co-educational residence at Vicotoria University.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/rowell-jackman-hall-residence-council/')(3363, 'Rotman Commerce Students’ Association', 'The Rotman Commerce Students’ Association serves as the student union for Rotman Commerce students.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/rotman-commerce-students-association/')(3364, 'Russian Speaking Association', 'The purpose of the Russian Speaking Association is to provide a community and cultural hub for University of Toronto students united by their shared practice of the Russian language. The Russian language and its use has spread far beyond the confines of the political entity now known as the Russian Federation. Hence, the RSA seeks to provide a community based on the shared Russian language as opposed to any national or political affiliation. Everyone united by the Russian language is welcome to join and partake in the Association without fear of discrimination based on the culture that they belong to or any characteristics they possess.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/russian-speaking-association/')(3365, 'Rotaract Club University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'Rotaract is a Rotary-sponsored service club for young people ages 18 to 30. The name is taken from a combination of the words “Rotary” and “action”. The purpose of Rotaract is to provide an opportunity for individuals to enhance their knowledge and skills in order to assist in their personal development, while also addressing the physical and social needs of their communities through a framework of friendship and community service.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_rotaract/')(3366, 'RMB Filmmaking Club', 'UTRMB is a filmmaking club focusing on the production of short films. There are many departments such as director, actor, editor, screenwriter, scriptwriter, cinematographer, post-production, makeup, staging, lighting, setting etc. We welcome all movie lovers who want to participate in filmmaking and are interested in filmmaking career to join us regardless of races.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/rmb-filmmaking-club/')(3367, 'Religious Studies Student Association', 'The Religion Undergrad Student Association focuses on interactive ways in which we can build a fun and friendly environment to learn and interact with religious institutions across the GTA, as well as network with the greater community.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/religious-studies-student-association/')(3368, 'Relay For Life – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'RFL U of T is a student group that aims to raise awareness on all aspects of cancer, with the ultimate goal of educating students about cancer prevention, and how they can make an impact on those suffering from cancer. Our annual event is a Canadian Cancer Society fundraiser, Relay for Life, which is a gathering to celebrate cancer survivors, remember those that have lost their battle with cancer, and fight back against cancer through fundraising and fun group activities.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/relayforlifeuoft/')(3369, 'Rational Capital Investment Fund', 'Inspired by Berkshire Hathaway’s culture and structure, RCIF believes in performance through independent thinking, decentralization, and meritocracy.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/rcif.uoft/?hl=en')(3370, 'Regenesis Environmental and Community Initiatives UofT (St. George) Student Chapter', 'Regenesis UofT is the University of Toronto chapter of Regenesis, a Canadian student-involved university and college based environmental and community-building organization. We believe in empowering students as as initiators of change in addressing today’s social and environmental concerns, through advocacy and service in local chapters. Regenesis UofT creates and manages initiatives and social enterprises that provide services to the university community as well as providing quality leadership experience for students. All of the initiatives are inspired by the needs of the UofT community and raise the quality of life on campus. Students involved with Regenesis UofT get a chance to shape the place they spend so much time in and gain relevant experiential education opportunities in the areas of operational and event management, accounting, communications, fundraising, graphic design, and much more. We are a catalyst for social innovation and transformation.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/regenesistoronto/?hl=en')(3371, 'RefugeAid UofT Student Chapter', 'RefugeAid UofT provides humanitarian aid in collaboration with Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors without Borders (MSF) and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) while raising awareness about current and emerging trends affecting refugees and asylum seekers. RefugeAid UofT’s vision is to unite communities of diverse faiths, ethnicities and ideologies to work towards aiding communities put at risk by ongoing conflict in war-torn regions. Our goals will be to educate the university campus on different refugee situations around the world, to mobilize like-minded students in working towards raising money and awareness for refugees, and to encourage young people to broaden their mindsets and perspectives on refugees. To achieve these goals, we will potentially host various campus events to engage students like movie nights, fundraisers, bake sales, or brainstorming idea exhibits.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/refugeaiduoft/')(3372, 'QueerSphere Grad Chapter (QSGrad)', 'A social and professional club for queer graduate students at UofT.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/queersphere-grad-chapter-qsgrad/')(3373, 'Pharmacology and Toxicology Students Association', 'The Pharmacology and Toxicology Students’ Association is an academic group that caters to students in the program to facilitate contact with faculty.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ptsa.uoft/')(3374, 'Queeners Women Basketball', 'We are a female-focused basketball organization, dedicated to arranging and engaging in diverse basketball tournaments. Our mission is to inspire and empower more girls to join the sport, fostering courage, a sense of adventure, and teamwork. Through our efforts, we aim to create a positive influence and support the growth of female basketball enthusiasts.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/queeners-women-basketball/')(3375, 'Pharmaceutical Chemistry Student Union (PCSU)', 'The establishment of the Pharmaceutical Chemistry Student Union came to fruition in September 2008, with the goal of providing Pharm Chem students with resources and guidance.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_pcsu')(3376, 'Pentecost Students and Associates University of Toronto Chapter (PENSA UofT Chapter)', ' will serve as a unifying body for all students, alumni and affiliates of The Church of Pentecost (COP) both on and off University of Toronto, St. George campus. ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/pentecost-students-and-associates-university-of-toronto-chapter-pensa-uoft-chapter/')(3377, 'Peace, Conflict and Justice Society', 'The Peace, Conflict and Justice Society (PCJS) is a course union representing all students enrolled in the Peace, Conflict and Justice program at the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/pcjsociety_uoft/')(3378, 'Peace By Peace', 'Peace by PEACE delivers an eleven week conflict resolution curriculum to Grade 5 students across Toronto. Through interactive activities, along with group discussions, four to five members volunteer their time in one particular classroom with daily problems to give them essential skills to create a more peaceful world.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/peacebypeaceto/?hl=en')(3379, 'Paws for Thoughts', 'We are an organization that provide therapy dogs to campus to improve the moods of students and faculty members! Dogs are proven to ease stress and provide comfort which can be crucial during stressful academic periods. By joining our club you will be helping coordinate events, working for the outreach team and coordinating joint events with other clubs on campus!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/paws-for-thoughts/')(3380, 'Pakistan Students’ Federation (PSF)', 'The PSF was established in 1997 in response to the increasing need for a platform', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/psfuoft/')(3381, 'OtherWise e-Magazine for Racialized and Marginalized Women', 'OtherWise e-Magazine for Racialized and Marginalized Women is dedicated to amplifying the voices of racialized and marginalized women at the University of Toronto. Our overarching mission is to provide a platform for BIPOC women and allies to express themselves through our e-magazines and other programs. In addition to our main effort of curating and publishing e-magazines, we will orchestrate student-led initiatives, encompassing workshops, panels, open mic events, and mentorship programs tailored for students. Our unwavering commitment is to foster a supportive and inclusive environment where diverse voices can flourish.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/otherwise-e-magazine-for-racialized-and-marginalized-women/')(3382, 'Paw Pals Rescue Club (PPRC)', '“Paw Pals” is a compassionate club dedicated to assisting animals in need by organizing fundraising events and community services. This organization brings together animal lovers who are committed to making a significant difference in the lives of distressed animals. Through creative and engaging initiatives, “Paw Pals” not only raises funds but also increases awareness and support for animal welfare in the community. Their efforts help provide essential care and resources to ensure better lives for animals across the region.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/pprc_pawpals/')(3383, 'Pair-a-Dice Gaming', 'Pair-a-Dice Gaming is the first board game club at the University of Toronto, which was founded in 2011. We are a free board game club at the university who possess a collection of over 50 board games that is accessible for all who are interested to play. Our diverse library allows members with varying interests to find a game that they would enjoy, and we accept everyone from people with limited experiences to people who want a challenge. Our purpose is to create a comfortable environment for people to drop in and play with their peers, or meet new people, and/or make new friends. Check out our Instagram page for more details!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/pairadicebgc/')(3384, 'Orthodox Christian Student Association (OCSA)', 'A place for Orthodox Christian students to gather over social, spiritual, and cultural events, striving to create a community for students away from home.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ocsatoronto/')(3385, 'Organization of Latin American Students (OLAS)', 'The Organization of Latin American Students (OLAS) is an organization that serves as a medium for university students and the surrounding community to embrace the richness of Latin American Culture by hosting various social and cultural events throughout the year. OLAS also works as a network with branches at all U of T campuses and other Universities in Ontario.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/olasstgeorge/')(3386, 'Operation Smile U of T', 'We are a student-run chapter of Operation Smile, an international NGO which provides free surgery to children around the world born with cleft lip and palate. We have an executive committee that oversees the long-term planning and logistics of the Club. We also have a general committee, where student volunteers can assist in planning, budgeting, gathering sponsors, advertising and attending promotional events. Our mandate is to raise awareness and funds for Operation Smile in their mission to provide free surgeries to children around the world born with cleft lip and palate.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/operationsmile_uoft/')(3387, 'OpenDH U of T Student Group', 'OpenDH is a research organization focused on leveraging the potential of AI and wearable technology to teach valuable skills to students, providing new experiences and opportunities in research and healthcare, and improving the lives of patients affected by various conditions. Our interdisciplinary team of researchers, students, and healthcare professionals across Canada collaborate to develop resources for students and innovative solutions that enhance rehabilitation protocols. By delving into the intersection between AI and healthcare and training students with sensor technology and AI tools, we aim to develop the next generation of healthcare leaders who embrace the power of technology to improve patient quality of life.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/opendh.uoft/')(3388, 'Open Hearts Club (OHC)', 'The purpose of this not-for-profit student-run organization is to provide students with a safe place where they feel empowered to foster open and empathetic communication with each other. Our mission is to educate and practice healthy communication skills among students struggling with their mental health and who are not able to open up to other people. “Open Hearts” is dedicated to providing a safe and non-judgmental environment where individuals can freely express their thoughts, feelings, and experiences. In our approach, we aim to provide members with effective communication tools. We believe that clear and compassionate communication is the foundation of understanding, empathy, and connection. Through our programs and resources, we strive to equip our community with the skills and knowledge needed to express themselves authentically, listen actively, and foster meaningful connections with others.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/open-hearts-club-ohc/')(3389, 'Ontario Water Works Association (OWWA) – Student Chapter', 'The U of T Student Chapter of the Ontario Water Works Association offers students interested in the water industry the opportunity to learn more about the field through networking events, socials, technical seminars, and plant tours.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/ontario-water-works-association-owwa-student-chapter/')(3390, 'Only Human Dance Collective (OHDC)', 'The Only Human Dance Collective (OHDC) has been a part of the University of Toronto community since 1999. We have a unique all-inclusive mandate, which is to welcome all dancers regardless of experience – no auditions required! OHDC introduces many to the world of dance, reacquaints seasoned dancers with their first love and creates a home for those who have moved away from their original studios. Every year OHDC puts on a professional dance production showcasing various dance styles, such as Jazz, Modern, Contemporary, Ballet, Hip-Hop, Latin, Ballroom, Chinese dance, Bellydance, Highland, Musical Theatre, and more!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/onlyhumandance/')(3391, 'OISE Graduate Students Association', 'The GSA represents and advocates for graduate student interests at OISE. We promote communication between graduate students and the institute’s administration as an essential part of our mandate. The GSA voices OISE graduate student concerns, such as funding, academic and equity issues. We also provide support and service to individual students. The GSA is here to support you with any questions or concerns about grad student life!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/oisestudents/')(3392, 'Nutritional Sciences Student Association', 'The Nutritional Sciences Student Association (NSSA) represents the Department of Nutritional Sciences undergraduate student body, providing academic, self-help, and career learning support at the university and community level.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_nssa/')(3393, 'Nutritional Sciences Graduate Students Association', 'The Nutritional Sciences Graduate Students’ Association (NSGSA) represents the Department of Nutritional Sciences graduate student body by supporting and engaging students, both at the university and community level.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/nutritional-sciences-graduate-students-association/')(3394, 'NourishMe.TO', 'The COVID-19 pandemic had detrimental effects on the whole city, especially the homeless community. Our organization focuses on improving the wellbeing of the homeless community in the city of Toronto, through providing free meals, beverages, and hygienic products. After scouting and locating areas where homeless communities can be found, we will be determined and committed to providing resources biweekly. We aim to achieve our goals through a passionate group of students who would voluntarily deliver the resources to the people who need them the most, representing the innovative minds, determination, and generosity the University of Toronto students bring to the community of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/nourishme.to/')(3395, 'Nursing Undergraduate Society (NUS)', 'The Nursing Undergraduate Society (NUS) represents all undergraduate nursing students at the Lawrence S. Bloomberg Faculty of Nursing at the University of Toronto. NUS plans numerous social and educational opportunities throughout the school year.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftnus/?hl=en')(3396, 'Not Just Tourist (University of Toronto Student Chapter)', 'Our project is about love. Through the work of volunteers, we aspire to:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/notjusttourists_uoft/')(3397, 'North American Model United Nations (NAMUN)', 'North American Model United Nations is Canada’s oldest Model UN conference, and has been in operation since its first session in Toronto in 1985. Through rigorous and academically stimulating debate, NAMUN is dedicated to teaching youth about the United Nations and the international system. The organization’s primary emphasis is on organizing, hosting, and staffing a three-day long, collegiate-level, Model UN simulation over February reading week for students from across around the world.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/namun2025/')(3398, 'Nigerian Students’ Association (NSA)', 'The Nigerian voice has always been proud, hospitable, jubilant, and loud. It is the voice of various peoples united under a common banner of green and white; peace, unity, and progress. It is the mission of the NSA to embolden that voice by promoting an awareness of Nigerian culture, politics, and people as they exist in the global and UofT communities, while at the same time supporting the exceptional achievements of Nigerian—and other—students at the U of T. In keeping with our tradition of hospitality, the NSA welcomes all who wish to join. At NSA, we know how easy it is to feel as though you’re getting lost in the crowd, or that you haven’t found your people. It is our goal with every event we host to encourage people to connect, to laugh, and to learn something new about Nigerian culture. We give back to our community by creating bonds that last and letting students on campus know that they can count on us to have their back.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/nsa_uoft/')(3399, 'NEXT Business Simulation Association', 'NEXT, as the name represents Networking, External, Xplore, and Talent. We would like to provide a platform for students to get to know the most classic and hot business topics around the world, to hold events to analyze the model of various emerging businesses, and to hold UofT characterized Business Simulation Competition. We hope by standing from the international point of view to find out the underlying mover of the world around successful businesses and to apply these movers in the future. We would like to be a U of T entrepreneur cradle.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/next-business-simulation-association/')(3400, 'Music Graduate Student’s Association', 'The Music Graduate Students Association (MGSA) is an organization for all graduate students in our faculty,aiming to provide a strong and positive student voice to the Faculty of Music. We are comprised of students from across all divisions within the Faculty, and we represent students at Faculty meetings and committees,as well as represent music students in University-wide organizations and committees, such as the Graduate Students Union. In addition, the MGSA hosts social events and professional development opportunities for performers and scholars throughout the year, culminating in our annual academic and performance symposium, which has hosted graduate students from across Canada and the United States.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_mgsa/')(3401, 'Music and Health Sciences Journal Club', 'Welcome to the Music and Health Sciences Journal Club! We are a group of individuals interested in the field of music and health and science, and our meetings include discussion of published articles, providing a forum for a collective effort to keep up with the rapidly growing current literature in this field. \xa0No matter your background, if you have interest in learning more about this field, we welcome everyone to join us!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/music-and-health-sciences-journal-club/')(3402, 'motionball for Special Olympics – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'motionball for Special Olympics is a national nonprofit organization that hosts social and sporting events in cities across the country to raise funds and awareness for Special Olympics Canada Foundation. motionball’s mandate is to engage the next generation of volunteers and leaders – Canada’s students and young professionals – to make their schools and communities more inclusive for individuals with intellectual disabilities. motionball created a motionballu chapter which opened the door for university students to create a more inclusive campus. The goal of motionball for Special Olympics- University of Toronto Student Chapter is to promote inclusion and healthy living by providing students and local special Olympic athletes the opportunity to interact, build friendships and play sports together.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/motionballuoft')(3403, 'Multi-Organ Transplant Insight, Outreach, and Networking Club', 'The ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/multi-organ-transplant-insight-outreach-and-networking-society-university-of-toronto/')(3404, 'Mood Psychology @UofT', 'Mood Psychology strives to improve the psychological well-being of international students at the University of Toronto by generating awareness of mental health issues and promoting access to mental health resources.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/mood-psychology-uoft/')(3405, 'Molecular Genetics Graduate Student Association', 'The MoGen GSA is a student organization that represents and advocates for graduate students in the Department of Molecular Genetics at the University of Toronto. We aim to enhance the graduate experience by organizing various academic and social events.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utorontomogengsa/')(3406, 'Molecular Genetics and Microbiology Student Union', 'The Molecular Genetics and Microbiology Student Union (MGYSU) aims to provide for undergraduate students in the Department of Molecular Genetics through organising academic events, social gatherings, and supporting students throughout their undergraduate career.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/molecular-genetics-and-microbiology-student-union/')(3407, 'Model United Nations (UTMUN Club)', 'UTMUN organizes a yearly Model United Nations Conference at the University of Toronto’s St. George campus. We strive to provide high school delegates with unique and exciting educational experiences. At UTMUN, delegates practice drafting resolutions, engage in heated debates, and master the art of diplomatic negotiation. We aim to prepare high school students for university-level debate in Model United Nations.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utmun/')(3408, 'Minds, Miles & Motivation Running Club', '“Minds, Miles & Motivation (3M) Running Club” is tailored to offer all international students at U of T a way towards a healthier lifestyle, both mentally and physically. Our mission is to encourage students to get active, and by doing so, advocate the positive influence of physical exercise on mental health. Our plans to achieve this goal include leading weekly community running sessions, participating third-party running events as a group, and holding monthly workshops that incorporate topics on mental health into physical exercises. We will also collaborate with other campus groups to elaborate the variety of our events, which potentially involve yoga, fitness, meditation workshops, etc. Through participating these activities and workshops, our executive and general members will be able to make new connections, share memorable experiences with each other, and get more actively involved in the community. Overall, we aim to build a unique supportive network among students from diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds, thereby directing them towards a vigorous and healthy campus life.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/3m.running/')(3409, 'Mindfulness Meditation Student Group of University of Toronto (MMG UofT)', 'Welcome to MMG UofT where everyone is welcome to come to our classes. Here are the many things you can benefit from coming to any of our sessions:', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/mindfulness-meditation-group/')(3410, 'Middle Eastern Students’ Association', 'The group strives to provide a non-sectarian environment where students have the chance to interact with each other and the outer community. The group also strives to bring attention to Humanitarian issues around the Middle East in the form of fundraisers and various outreach initiatives.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/mesa.utsg/')(3411, 'Middle Eastern Christian Student Association (MECSA)', 'The purpose, objective, and mission of the organization is to promote understanding, tolerance, and unity among the diverse backgrounds across the Middle East and within Canada, enriching the university experience for all who seek a home in faith and friendship. This group also aims to give back to our community through fundraisers and other volunteer-based initiatives.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/mecsa.uoft')(3412, 'Medieval Studies Undergraduate Society', 'The Medieval Studies Undergraduate Society (MSUS)\xa0is a social and academic club dedicated to promoting enthusiasm for medieval studies at the University of Toronto. MSUS offers academic assistance and peer mentoring within the field of medieval studies and medieval Latin, and hosts campus-wide events such as seminars, medieval feasts, lectures, a conference, workshops and movie discussion nights.\r', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/medievaltoronto/')(3413, 'Medical Society (MedSoc)', 'The Medical Society is the elected governing body of undergraduate Medical Students. The Medical Society represents medical students to the Faculty of Medicine, Alumni, other faculties within the university, the medical profession, and the community at large. The Society organizes a wide variety of student events and is concerned with both academic and non-academic aspects of student life. The Medical Society is also actively involved in serving as a liaison between pre-clerkship and clerkship students and continues to foster a sense of community within the student body.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/medical-society-medsoc/')(3414, 'Medics in Armenia Student Chapter at University of Toronto', 'The purpose of Medics in Armenia is to educate and train students interested and/or pursuing a future in medicine by traveling to Armenia to shadow medical professionals and to volunteer at impoverished communities across Armenia. This organization will provide prehealth informative meetings and volunteering opportunities in the local community throughout the school year. The profits made through fundraising will be donated to a variety of causes both locally and internationally.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/mia_uoft/')(3415, 'Medical Sciences Student United', 'We are Medical Science Students United (formerly known as the Medical Sciences Student Union), the umbrella student group which represents various departments ranging from Biochemistry to Physiology, and from Evolutionary Biology to Pharmacology at the University of Toronto, St. George. We function to connect undergraduate students in the Life Science streams, and provide social and academic resources to the student body.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/mssu.ut/')(3416, 'Medical Radiation Sciences Society (MRSS)', 'The Society organizes a wide variety of student events and is concerned with both academic and non-academic aspects of student life.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/medical-radiation-sciences-society-mrss/')(3417, 'Medical Biophysics Graduate Student Association (MBPGSA)', 'The Medical Biophysics Graduate Student Association is an elected, volunteer organization representing graduate students in the Department of Medical Biophysics at the University of Toronto. Our organization is by and for students. Our goals are to enrich student life and to act as an interface between the student body and faculty.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/medical-biophysics-graduate-student-association/')(3418, 'Mechanical and Industrial Graduate Students', 'The association for Graduate students who are pursuing post-graduate degrees in either Mechanical or Industrial Engineering.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/mechanical-and-industrial-graduate-students/')(3419, 'MealCare Toronto Student Chapter', 'MealCare is a non-profit student-run organization that aims to decrease food waste and improve food security by diverting surplus food to local beneficiaries. MealCare Toronto is the Chapter that operates out of the University of Toronto. We rescue surplus food from campus cafeterias through partnerships with Food Services and the University of Toronto Student Union and divert it to students in need through the UTSU Student Food Bank. We also conduct research in partnership with undergraduate and graduate courses, host fundraising and educational events, and organize social justice projects.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/mealcare_toronto')(3420, 'Mathematics Union', 'Mathematics Union is a course union in the ASSU which represents all students in math courses and programs. MU exists to hold academic and social events in mathematics, and to advocate the interests of its members.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/mathematics-union/')(3421, 'Mathematics Graduate Students Association', 'A description has not been provided to the Office of Student Affairs.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/mathematics-graduate-students-association/')(3422, 'Materials Science & Engineering Club', 'The MSE Club is a disciplinary Club which aims to form strong ties between the undergraduate Materials Science & Engineering (MSE) students and the department, the Engineering Society (Skule), and the University of Toronto. By forming these solid ties, we aim to establish a strong sense of community for each student to maximize their undergraduate experience.\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/materials-science-engineering-club/')(3423, 'Masters of Museum Studies Student Association (MUSSA)', 'MUSSA represents and serves Master of Museum Studies (MMSt) and Combined Degree Program (CDP) students at the University of Toronto’s Faculty of Information.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/masters-of-museum-studies-student-association/')(3424, 'Margaret Addison Residence Council', 'MARC is a council designed to promote community within Margaret Addison nHall, by running building wide events such as pubs, hot chocolate nights, nmovies, luxery toilet paper day, and creating an open forum for discussion nof issues relevant to residents.  Council meetings are called and run by nexecutive members and include input of dons, floor presidents, and nadministration.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/margaret-addison-residence-council/')(3425, 'Master of Information Student Council (MISC)', 'The Master of Information Student Council (MISC) is the student governing body that represents and advocates for students in the Master of Information program at the Faculty of Information Council and the Graduate Students Union, and contributes to their academic, social, and professional development through workshops, events, and seminars.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/master-of-information-student-council-misc/')(3426, 'Market Pulse Investment Club (MPIC)', 'Welcome to the Market Pulse Investment Club, a vibrant community dedicated to navigating the complexities of the stock market together. At the heart of our club is a commitment to empowering our members with the knowledge and insights needed to make informed investment decisions. We believe in the power of real-time market updates, comprehensive financial analysis, and the collective wisdom of a community that shares a passion for investing.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/market_pulse_investment_club/')(3427, 'La Mosaic', 'La Mosaic is a student-run bilingual magazine founded in 2019 at the University of Toronto. Our goal is to publish the English and French works of students attending Canadian and international universities. Our publications covers a wide range of topics, such as current affairs, politics, language and culture, arts and more. Our purpose is to raise global awareness through a bilingual, English and French magazine. We wish to include a diverse selection of articles which demonstrate a sensibility to diversity, international affairs, culture, and language. We have chosen to create a bilingual French and English magazine in order to amplify globalism and diversity, through artistry and creativity. La Mosaic was founded by former student Grace El Chami.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/lamosaicuoft/?hl=en')(3428, 'Mandarin Debate Student Association (UTMDA)', 'University of Toronto Mandarin Debate Association (UTMDA) is a student association that promotes Mandarin debate and the art of speech through workshops, training sessions, internal and external competitions. Debate makes life unique. Do you want to train your speech skills? Do you have any confused thoughts and feel like sharing it with us? Join us and see what this creative community has to offer', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/mandarin-debate-association-utmda/')(3429, 'Laboratory Medicine & Pathobiology Student Union', 'LMPSU (Laboratory Medicine and Pathobiology Student Union) represents students currently enrolled in LMP courses.  Our main goal is to serve as a mediator between the students and the professors, and organize various socials for the students in LMP.  We also provide academic help for LMP students, such as graduate seminars and pathobiology information sessions in each term.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/laboratory-medicine-pathobiology-student-union/')(3430, 'Kudoki Kung-Fu', 'Kudoki is a kung-fu school founded in 1983 in Montreal, Qc that has now branched off into Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/kudoki_uoft/')(3431, 'KPE Roadmap to Wellness', 'The primary objective of the Roadmap to Wellness organization is to increase awareness of accessibility and mental health services provided at a reduced cost (or no additional costs) on- and off-campus both by the University of Toronto’s Student Health Plan and by student social services in Ontario. The organization will focus on delivering this information to students in a clear and concise manner via peer-to-peer workshops, developing crowdsourced resource “roadmaps” which guide students in the process of seeking and accessing the services they require, and through outreach and advocacy initiatives.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/roadmap2wellness')(3432, 'Korean Students’ Association (KSA)', 'UTKSA stands for Univ. of Toronto Korean Students Association. UTKSA’s main goal is to gain international recognition both in Toronto and Korea for short and long term. UTKSA aims to provide academic and career seminars for Korean students for success after graduation. Also, UTKSA contributes to Korean society in Canada through continious volunteer program. Most importantly, UTKSA provides various opportunities to students with different interest and hobby programs through club and volunteer activities.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utksa_official/')(3433, 'Korean Christian Fellowship Intervarsity', 'Korean Christian Fellowship Intervarsity is an open group in which students are invited to explore the gospel of Jesus Christ and learn to live out their faith as part of a loving community. Our vision is to renew our faith and be centred around Christ as we plant the seeds of the Gospel on campus. We realize our vision through fun large group activities and weekly small group bible studies.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.kcf/?hl=en')(3434, 'Korean Outreach Volunteer Association', 'Found in 2009, the Korean Outreach Volunteer Association (KOVA) is a Korean volunteering student organization within the University of Toronto St.George Campus. We strive to serve our community through various approaches of volunteering and community services. The word ‘Outreach’ implies to go broader, to reach not only within our university but also to serve the larger community of Toronto. Each year, KOVA’s yearly proceeds are donated to SickKids. Our yearly donations come out from the heart of KOVA, wanting to give back to society and reach out to those who are in need of help. We not only through volunteering lead a successful local Korean community, but we also do so by offering a variety of academic, social and, networking events. Through KOVA, we aim to bring together Korean students from different locations and help make meaningful experiences outside of academics.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftkova/?hl=en')(3435, 'Kingdom Come UofT Student Chapter', 'Kingdom Come is a campus movement dedicated to helping students discover Jesus and mobilize the next generation for the kingdom of God. Our primary focus is evangelism and discipleship, where we help university & college students across Canada experience God’s love and forgiveness and to inspire them to influence others to become lifelong followers of Jesus.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/kc_uoft/?hl=en')(3436, 'K-Drama and Bubble Tea Club (KD&BBT Club)', 'Welcome to the K-drama and Bubble Tea club! Whether you’re a seasoned K-drama lover, avid bubble tea enthusiast, or you’ve just recently discovered both, we hope this club is a place where you can have the freedom to talk about your favorite shows and characters, and explore the diverse world of bubble tea.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/k-drama-and-bubble-tea-club-kdbbt-club/')(3437, 'Kinesiology & Physical Education Undergraduate Association (KPEUA)', 'The KPEUA is a dedicated group of people that strives to represent and advocate for the UofT KPE student body. The mission of the KPEUA is to enhance the learning experience for KPE students at UofT by promoting leadership opportunities and ways to get involved at UofT through fostering an inclusive environment. They keep a close relationship with the UTSU and other university-wide groups to help make their mission a reality. Among all this, they give aid to multiple organizations that deal with physical activity, accessibility, and the improvement of health for society. The KPEUA also deals with matters of policy for the Faculty of KPE.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/kpeuauoft/')(3438, 'Juxtaposition Global Health Magazine', 'Juxtaposition is the University of Toronto’s premier global health magazine. With a special emphasis on topics that particularly impact the vulnerable and marginalized globally, Juxtaposition provides an interactive forum to explore the essential health issues of our time. Using a multidisciplinary approach, Juxtaposition seeks to include contrasting perspectives on global health issues from a wider socio-cultural, political, economic, and legal context. Juxtaposition aims to be recognized as a current, credible, and compelling publication on global health.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/juxtamagazineuoft/')(3439, 'Junoon Dance Club UofT', 'As University of Toronto’s Bollywood Dance Troupe, Junoon Dance Club aims to connect students through a shared passion for performing arts.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/junoon-dance-club/')(3440, 'Junior Mining Investment Group (JMIG)', 'The Junior Mining Investment Group is the University of Toronto’s first student run portfolio specialized in allocating capital into precious metals and junior mining equities', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/junior-mining-investment-group-jmig/')(3441, 'Jack.org UofT', 'Our mission is to identify and dismantle barriers to positive mental health in the UTSG community. We aim to raise mental health awareness and knowledge, decrease silence and stigma, and challenge the various barriers that stop students from accessing service. Our slogan is “No More Silence”. We encourage students to take action and care for both their own and others’ everyday mental well-being.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/jackdotorgutsg/')(3442, 'Italian Student Association', 'The Italian Student Association (ISA) serves to improve the academic and social life of all undergraduate students, and specifically students in the Department of Italian Studies through academic seminars, cultural events and social events. Our goal is to foster a sense of community among undergraduate students, staff and faculty by maintaining and promoting Italian culture.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/isa.uoft/')(3443, 'Iranian Students’ Association at the University of Toronto (UTIRAN)', 'Iranian Association at the University of Toronto (UTIRAN) is an independent cultural, academic, and social organization that seeks to promote activities relating to Iranians and Iranian-Canadians at the University of Toronto and beyond. UTIRAN has been an active UofT club since its inception in 1999, one of the most trusted groups in Toronto’s Iranian community and has held numerous events on various topics related to Iranian culture and society.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/iranians_uoft/')(3444, 'Islamic Relief at the University of Toronto St. George Student Chapter', 'The Islamic Relief at UofT St. George Student Chapter is committed to increase awareness of global humanitarian issues and actively fundraise for Islamic Relief Canada campaigns through diverse events on campus and within the community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/islamicreliefuoft/')(3445, 'International Student Ministry', 'International Student Ministry is a community of International and Canadian students. Discover Canada physically and culturally. Find friends and people who understand living away from home. Enjoy an intercultural experience. Belong to a community at the UofT, which is friendly, accepting and engaging. For those who are interested, there are opportunities to learn about the Christian life. Although a faith based club, our social activities are open to all from the UofT community.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/international-student-ministry/')(3446, 'International Relations Society', 'The International Relations Society is the course union for students enrolled in the undergraduate International Relations Programme at the University of Toronto. It offers inimitable opportunities for students to strengthen their skills learned in class and opportunities for discussion, debate, discourse and interactions between world leaders, policy makers, professors and students. The Society runs a yearly conference, a mentorship programme, and many roundtable talks.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/irsociety/')(3447, 'International Cantonese Union', 'We strive to promote Cantonese culture and language to all U of T St. George campus students. Anyone from the campus are more than welcome to apply for officer positions or join as a member. The only requirement is your interest in Cantonese culture and the willingness to contribute toward this common goal of us all.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/international-cantonese-union/')(3448, 'Institutes of Gender and Health Sex and Gender Science Trainee Network UToronto Student Chapter', 'The Trainee Network is a network of trainees (undergraduate, master’s, PhD and post-docs) across Canada with hubs at Canadian educational institutions. It connects new and future researchers across Canada who are interested in sex- and gender-based analysis (SGBA) in health research.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/institutes-of-gender-and-health-sex-and-gender-science-trainee-network-utoronto-chapter-igh-trainee-network-utoronto/')(3449, 'Institute of Medical Science Students’ Association  (IMSSA)', 'The official graduate student association of the Institute of Medical Science', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/institute-of-medical-science-students-association-imssa/')(3450, 'Institute of Transportation Engineers Student Chapter', 'The objectives of UofT-ITE are to help members make connections with the broader Institute of Transportation Engineers (ITE) community, acquaint students with topics of interest in transportation and traffic engineering through talks and activities, and promote transportation to the university community.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/institute-of-transportation-engineers-student-chapter/')(3451, 'Insert What You Want(IWYW)', 'Are you a student looking for a unique and limitless student group experience? Welcome to “Insert What You Want,” the ultimate haven for those who crave freedom, creativity, and boundless exploration.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/insert-what-you-wantiwyw/')(3452, 'Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers University of Toronto Student Chapter', '\nIEEE Stands for Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers. You might have used IEEE Citation Style for your essay papers. In fact, IEEE is world’s largest professional organization. IEEE is responsible for setting Industry Standards, hosting conferences and publishing research journal papers. There are currently 420,000+ members from 160 countries.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ieee_uoft/')(3453, 'Innis Residence Council (IRC)', 'The Innis Residence Council (IRC) is the student government of Innis Residence at the University of Toronto. We organize many events throughout the school year, and are responsible for several facets of student life at the Innis Residence. Our council is made up of the executives, house representatives, social media marketing, and several committees responsible for different portfolios. We also act as advocates for the resident body.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/innisirc/')(3454, 'Insert Channel Name (ICN)', 'Interested in Korean culture? Do you want to get involved in a fun, tight-knit group where you can learn, educate, and promote your background? Welcome to ICN, a place where we connect your culture to ours. We are a group of individuals who have the primary aim of bridging various cultures together to create a more harmonious community at the University of Toronto. From making YouTube videos around campus to hosting events that give you a taste of Korea at the heart of Toronto, we hope to create new memories and connections that will guide us through our university journey.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/insert-channel-name-icn/')(3455, 'Innovation OnBoard UofT Student Association', 'Initially established in 2017, Innovation Onboard (IOB) is a Canada-wide student-led initiative that fosters entrepreneurship and interdisciplinary collaboration among science, engineering, and business students. The Innovation OnBoard University of Toronto Chapter (IOB UofT) provides a platform for students who would like to expand their horizons in career development and build skills and networks essential for successful entrepreneurship. IOB UofT offers a series of workshops and lectures, an innovation fair, and a pitch competition with cash prizes. Join us to unlock your potential in science, engineering and entrepreneurship.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/innovation-onboard-uoft/')(3456, 'History and Philosophy of Science Undergraduate Society', 'HPSUS organizes and hosts social and academic events for all HPS and STS students.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/history-and-philosophy-of-science-undergraduate-society/')(3457, 'Hindu Students’ Council (HSC) – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'The Hindu Students’ Council (HSC) is an international forum that provides opportunities to learn about Hindu heritage through various activities, events and projects. HSC presents ample opportunities for self-development at the spiritual and professional level.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hindu-students-council/')(3458, 'Her Voice', 'Her Voice is a club that aims to increase the awareness of violence against women, providing them with a voice which will help them combat the inequality and lack of choices they face everyday; in doing so we also wish to fundraise for many organizations which promote this cause.We are currently working towards supporting the local women’s shelter, Habitat. We will be holding online and in-person events this year with speakers coming in to speak, as well as fundraise for the shelters.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/her-voice/')(3459, 'HerHealth Aid (HHA)', 'Menstrual poverty poses a serious burden on menstruating individuals living in the shelter system. Our goal is to alleviate these financial and social challenges by distributing hygiene products to shelters across the GTA. Through fundraising efforts, we hope to educate students about this issue and lend a helping hand to our community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/herhealth_aid/')(3460, 'Heart for Africa (Canada) UTSG Student Chapter', 'Heart for Africa (Canada) UTSG Club (HFACA-UTSG) is a club for the organization Heart for Africa at UofT St.Goerge Campus. The purpose, objectives, mission and/or mandate of the organization is to focus on bringing HOPE to the Kingdom of Eswatini, Africa in the areas of Hunger, Orphans, Poverty and Education. In this club we will set goals for fundraising through events and fundraisers to raise money for children and the community in Eswatini, Africa. The members of the club will gain experience in fundraising, event planning, and learn about the country of Eswatini and ways in which we can help make a positive difference in the world.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/hfaca_utsg/?igshid=MmIzYWVlNDQ5Yg%3D%3D')(3461, 'Hemoglobal University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'Hemoglobal® is a Canadian charity co-founded by Dr. Nancy Olivieri (Professor at the University of Toronto and senior scientist at Toronto General Hospital), which works to improve the medical care of children with fatal blood diseases in emerging Asian countries. Hemoglobal University of Toronto Chapter (UofT Hemoglobal) aims to involve interested and enthusiastic students to support the efforts of Hemoglobal® and improve the lives of some of the most vulnerable children in Asia through advocacy events, fundraisers, and obtaining financial and/or brand sponsorships from local businesses.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofthemoglobal/?hl=en')(3462, 'Heart and Stroke Foundation Student Chapter (HSF-UTSG)', 'The Heart and Stroke Foundation – St. George Student Chapter is an advocacy initiative committed to raising funds and awareness in partnership with the Heart & Stroke Foundation of Canada. This health charity leads in the goal of eliminating heart disease and stroke and reducing their impact through the advancement of research and its application, the promotion of healthy living, and advocacy. Check out the Heart and Stroke Foundation website to learn more (https://www.heartandstroke.ca/).', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/heartandstroke.uoft/')(3463, 'Interplanetary Space Exploration Team (ISET)', 'The Interplanetary Space Exploration Team (ISET) was founded on the basis of providing a platform for undergraduate students to actively take part in the Space Colonization field. Many misconceptions exist about the complexity of space design and who can get involved in it. While we admit that it is not easy, it is definitely a field that undergraduate students can be involved and excel in, especially with all the resources available to us at the University. In addition, the team aims to build sustainable Martian systems that would make it more feasible for Humans to settle on the Red Planet or simply harvest its resources for use on Earth. After all, WE might be the ones traveling there one day!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/interplanetary-space-exploration-team/')(3464, 'Healthcare Student Association (HCSA)', 'HCSA aims ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/healthcare-student-association-hcsa/')(3465, 'Health Studies Students’ Union', 'The Health Studies Students’ Union at the University of Toronto organizes social activities and academic seminars, connects students with on-campus resources, and assists students with academic concerns. We are committed to building connections between students interested in health, and enriching the experience of the students in our program. We hope to facilitate an open environment in which students can participate in an ongoing dialogue about the socioeconomic, political, cultural and biomedical determinants of health and healthcare systems. We encourage all students to get involved by joining the executive, coming to general meetings, or attending events.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/healthstudiesuoft/')(3466, 'Health Occupations Students of America – University of Toronto St. George Student Chapter', 'The purpose of HOSA UTSG is to help aspiring healthcare professionals develop leadership and technical competencies by training them to compete in one of the 41 health science events at annual Spring and International Leadership Conferences. In addition, HOSA UTSG holds academic and social events at the campus level in order to equip members with the necessary skills and resources to achieve their professional aspirations.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/hosautsg/?hl=en')(3467, 'Healthy Minds U of T Student Association', 'Healthy Minds is a tight-knit mental health advocacy and peer support group focused on providing a physical and mental space for discussion/activities relating to well-being on campus. Our vision is to create social leaders who are aware of their own mental health in order to better facilitate the health of others.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/healthymindsut/')(3468, 'Health Across Borders', '\xa0', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uofthealthacrossborders')(3469, 'Hart House Underwater Club', 'The Hart House Underwater Club was founded at the University of Toronto in 1962 and keeps its members busy with a summer dive schedule, various trips and a variety of activities! We offer NAUI Scuba Diver courses each fall and spring term, and other courses throughout the year. Housed under the auspices of Hart House, club affairs are organized by a panel of executives elected each year by all interested HHUC members. Every year, HHUC offers SCUBA courses from the introductory levels upward taught by certified instructors at affordable prices. For certified divers of all levels of experience, there are numerous club dives scheduled throughout the summer season. As well, there are a number of special events the club organizes for its members as well as outside events at which the club is well represented. To find out more of these events, check out our latest newsletter or join our listserv for instant e-mail notifications.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-underwater-club/')(3470, 'Hart House Symphonic Band', 'The Hart House Symphonic Band is an amateur music group composed of U of T alumni and students. HHSB strives to bring together a diverse group of people with a wide range of academic, cultural, religious and musical backgrounds. We aim to create a cohesive group that is connected by each member’s desire to play and perform varied and challenging repertoire in a fun and relaxed musical atmosphere. Our weekly rehearsals, led by dynamic conductor Mark Saresky, culminate in at least two public concerts per year, one at the end of each term. The Symphonic Band is committed to giving students the opportunities to conduct as well as to perform folk, modern and classical music. Auditions take place at the beginning of the school year.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-symphonic-band/')(3471, 'Health Policy, Management and Evaluation Graduate Students’ Union (HPME-GSU)', 'The Institute of Health Policy, Management and Evaluation (IHPME) in', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/health-policy-management-and-evaluation-graduate-students-union-hpme-gsu/')(3472, 'Health and Disease Student Association (HDSA)', 'Welcome to the Health and Disease Student Association (HDSA), a club for students majoring/ ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/health-and-disease-student-association-hdsa/')(3473, 'Hart House Student Theatre Committee', 'The Hart House Theatre Standing Committee acts as an Advisory Board for Theatre Management while ensuring that the Theatre’s Programming and Operations are in line with the Theatre’s Mission Statement and Hart House’s Vision Statement. The scope of its discussions and recommendations include but are not limited to the following areas: Theatre Development and Advancement, Theatre Operating Policies and Procedures, Accountability and fiscal prudence, Theatre Branding and Marketing, Student Involvement, Programming, and Audience Development. The Committee recognizes its responsibility to strengthen Hart House Theatre’s position as a Cultural Destination for the University and the City of Toronto while creating an inclusive environment where all feel welcome as per the House’s Vision Statement.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-student-theatre-committee/')(3474, 'Healing Hearts Through Art (h2art)', 'Inspired by the mental health crisis at the University of Toronto, Healing Hearts Through Art (h2art) is an arts-based healing organization whose mission is to:', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/hh2art/')(3475, 'Hart House Student Music Committee', 'The Music Committee is dedicated to providing rich and diverse musical concert offerings featuring students and professional musicians to the campus community. We provide opportunities for novice student musicians to participate in Open Mic’s and in our annual U of T Idol competition. Classical, jazz and urban contemporary concerts are also produced by the committee throughout the year. The Music Committee is also responsible for publishing, editing and providing content for an annual print issue, DEMO and maintaining an online presence for the online magazine.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-student-music-committee/')(3476, 'Hart House Student Social Justice Committee', 'The mission of the Hart House Social Justice Committee is to raise awareness of social justice issues through proactive engagement in partnerships, networks and the student body as a whole. We seek to facilitate deep dialogue based around awareness, appreciation, and action into the lives of individuals and communities within and around the University of Toronto. Through broad-based programmes that engage to the entire student body, we aim to introduce many different issues and opportunities for participation around Social Justice. Our events are free, accessible and secular.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-student-social-justice-committee/')(3477, 'Hart House Student Literary & Library Committee', 'The Literary & Library Committee at Hart House manages and maintains the Library collection, organizes monthly readings featuring a wide range of authors, plans WRITuals, a monthly literary pub in the Arbor room, organizes annual Literary and Poetry Contests and publishes the annual Review. The Committee also oversees bi-weekly Sunday meetings of the Algonquin Square Table, a collection of student authors, poets and UofT’s literary elite.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-student-literary-library-committee/')(3478, 'Hart House Student Debates & Dialogue Committee', 'The Hart House Debates & Dialogue Committee provides University of Toronto students opportunities to find and develop their capacity for self-knowledge and self-expression. It does so in two principal ways:', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-student-debates-dialogue-committee/')(3479, 'Hart House Student Farm Committee', 'The Hart House Farm is an actual farm and much more. It’s an 150 acre property located on the Niagara Escarpment, in Caledon Ontario, just 55 km northwest of Toronto. Since 1949 it has been owned by Hart House and managed by the students and alumni of the Farm Committee and Hart House.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-student-farm-committee/')(3480, 'Hart House Singers', 'The Hart House Singers is a non-auditioned choir that provides an opportunity for first-time and experienced singers to share in the joy of choral singing, to learn the art of song, to have fun, and to sing culturally and historically diverse repertoire.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-singers/')(3481, 'Hart House Recreational Athletics & Wellness Committee', 'The Hart House Recreational Athletics & Wellness Committee provides recommendations to the Board of Stewards regarding recreational athletics, and the promotion of policies and programs at Hart House that benefit and foster the health and wellness of Hart House members (students, senior members, faculty and staff) and further the Hart House vision statement.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/harthouserawc/')(3482, 'Hart House Orchestra', 'The Hart House Orchestra is an auditioned group that provides its participants with opportunities to perform in a challenging orchestra led by Principal Conductor Henry Janzen. The orchestra has a large membership of dedicated but non-professional members who enjoy classical music. The group performs 3 concerts a year at Hart House, as well as one concert at a location out of town. The Orchestra often collaborates with other groups and runs an annual concerto competition; they enjoy tackling a difficult and rich repertoire. The orchestra exists to help those people interested in fine tuning their playing skills and techniques to reach a higher level of proficiency.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-orchestra/')(3483, 'Hart House Jazz Ensemble', 'The Hart House Jazz Ensemble is an active and vibrant band made up of members from different colleges and campus communities united in one common interest: a love of jazz music. Members balance their lives and studies around numerous other commitments but still take the time out to play in the ensemble.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-jazz-ensemble/')(3484, 'Hart House Finance Committee', 'The Hart House Finance Committee provides opportunities to learn valuable skills in financial management by participating in conversations and decisions about budgetary and financial policies and procedures. We welcome students from all disciplines (it’s an opportunity for students enrolled in finance-related degree programs to bring theory to practice; and we also provide educational training sessions for students without a financial background). Skills acquired through involvement as a committee member can be applied to both individual and organizational financial management.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-finance-committee/')(3485, 'Hart House Jazz Choir', 'We are the University of Toronto’s Hart House Jazz Choir, otherwise known as Onoscatopoeia: a mixed choir that sings jazz, pop and R&B music. Most importantly, we sing a cappella! Harmonies blend to form all the necessary lines to a piece of music. Our only instruments are our voices, and what may sound like a wailing trumpet may just be one of our sopranos.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/hart-house-jazz-choir/')(3486, 'Graduate Management Consulting Association', 'The GMCA exists to provide University of Toronto graduate and post-graduate trainees (both on and off-site) with the opportunity to engage in management consulting-related events. The GMCA aims to offer its membership information, networking opportunities and practical experience in management consulting through various activities.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-management-consulting-association/')(3487, 'Graduate History Society', 'The GHS is the primary representative body for graduate students enrolled in the Department of History at the University of Toronto. The GHS works to enhance the student community by: (1) Working with faculty members, the chair, and the graduate coordinator on student and program issues; (2) Organizing scholarly seminars; (3) Organizing the annual graduate history symposium; (4) Publishing Past Tense, the Graduate History Review journal; (5) Introducing new students to the department and the city; (6) Arranging social events.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-history-society/')(3488, 'Graduate Environmental Students’ Association', 'The Graduate Environmental Students’ Association fosters a sense of community at the School of the Environment, and represents graduate students’ interests within our programs.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-environmental-students-association/')(3489, 'Graduate Engineering Council of Students', 'This group involves representatives from each engineering student association and any others wishing to join to discuss initiatives and collaborate on events that affect all U of T graduate engineering students.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-engineering-council-of-students/')(3490, 'Graduate Nurses Student Society', 'The University of Toronto Graduate Nurses’ Student Society represents, supports and advocates for graduate nursing students. The society provides leadership, and facilitates social involvement and mentorship activities in addition to promoting student-faculty communication.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-nurses-student-society/')(3491, 'Graduate Geography and Planning Student Society', 'GGAPSS is the course union for graduate students in the Department of Geography and Planning at the University of Toronto. GGAPSS supports and represents students in the Department of Geography and Planning; cultivates public culture among students, faculty, and staff; and fosters a collegial social and academic environment. GGAPSS is organized and run by an annually elected executive committee, program cohort representatives, several standing committees, and representatives to external organizations.\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-geography-and-planning-student-society/')(3492, 'Graduate House Council (GHC)', 'The Graduate House Council (GHC) is a student body elected by residents of Graduate House (GH) at University of Toronto.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-house-council-ghc/')(3493, 'Graduate Business Council (GBC)', 'The GBC acts as the interface between the student body and administration to help create a better and stronger Rotman community that students are proud to be a part of. As the student elected group that represents all students enrolled in master’s programs at Rotman, we work to voice the ideas and concerns of our peers to administration, faculty and other student clubs.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/rotmangbc/')(3494, 'Graduate Centre for Study of Drama Student Union', 'The student executive has been and continues to be an integral part of the Drama Centre community. Its members act as liaisons between the students and the faculty and administration, and also organize a number of social events over the course of the year. In the past, these occasions have included pub nights, pot-luck meals, theatre outings, and the DC winter holiday and end of year parties.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-centre-for-study-of-drama-student-union/')(3495, 'Graduate Association for Students in Physiology', 'Graduate Association for Students in Physiology (GASP) is an elected group of graduate students from the Department of Physiology. Our responsibility is primarily to enhance the experience of students in the physiology graduate programs, and to encourage interactions between graduate students and with faculty members, whether it is through social events or academic activities.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_gasp/?hl=en')(3496, 'Graduate Architecture, Landscape & Design Student Union (GALDSU)', 'GALDSU represents graduate students in all programs at the John H. Daniels Faculty of Architecture, Landscape, and Design .  There is an elected executive of 6 members with two class representatives from every year of each program. The mandate of GALDSU is to promote student projects and activities that enhance student life at the Faculty.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/graduate-architecture-landscape-design-student-union-galdsu/')(3497, 'Global Medical Missions Alliances', 'Global Medical Missions Alliance strives to mobilize aspiring and established Christian healthcare professsionals for mission-minded roles both at home and abroad.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/gmma.toronto/')(3498, 'Google Developer Student Club – University of Toronto St. George', 'The Google Developer Student Club is an initiative backed by Google Developers to bring developer technology closer to students in universities and colleges. Our aim as a club is to impact and empower students through learning about, understanding, and reflection on the latest and greatest in technology. We wish to encourage innovation through speakers, workshops, as well as hands-on community projects.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/gdscutsg/')(3499, 'Global Spark UofT Student Chapter', '\xa0', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/global.spark/')(3500, 'Global Research and Consulting University of Toronto Student Chapter (GRC Toronto)', 'Members from all disciplines are welcome to engage in the GRC, with many different possible skills to build and portfolios to develop. The GRC engages with many non-profits all across the world each year to conduct research and pro-bono consulting projects in providing solutions to fit each unique organization’s need, which are then implemented to create real world impact! Getting involved could mean working directly on projects, writing ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/grctoronto/?hl=en')(3501, 'Global Health Students’ Association (GloHSA)', 'The Global Health Student Association (GloHSA) is a group dedicated to promoting and supporting the Global Health Major and Specialist programs at the University of Toronto. We serve as the primary contact between students and the Global Health programs, providing information and resources about program requirements and career paths. Our mission is to build and strengthen the Global Health community at UofT by providing opportunities for social engagement, networking, and career development. Join us to learn more about Global Health and connect with like-minded individuals!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/glohsa/')(3502, 'Global Link for University Exchange', 'GLUE (Global Link for University Exchange) is a non-profit student-run organization at the University of Toronto, which aims to significantly enhance the university experience for the inbound exchange students, addressing a notable gap in the support system for these individuals at UofT. GLUE seeks to foster a welcoming and supportive community through a buddy system. This system pairs inbound exchange students with local UofT students to promote friendships, global mobility, and a seamless integration into the university environment. The club’s ultimate goal of creating enduring connections and a supportive exchange student community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_glue?igsh=dmtlYjM3M2Q3a3h4&utm_source=qr')(3503, 'Global Educators Leadership Forum Student Club (UTGELF SC)', 'Educational Leadership Development: Focuses on developing competencies in future educational leaders such as decision making, strategic planning, communication, and team building.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/global-educators-leadership-forum-utgelf/')(3504, 'Get Lit Gaming', 'Get Lit Gaming is here to bring UofT students together to play board games and have a LIT time! We are a rapidly growing club, becoming founded in the summer of 2019. We think playing board games bring out the best (and worst!) in people and always creates memorable moments! Our goal is to teach you new games and allow you to meet lots of new people.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/getlitgaminguoft/')(3505, 'Glamour Gals – University of Toronto Student Chapter (GGUofT)', ' is the University of Toronto chapter for the parent organization “', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/glamourgals.uoft')(3506, 'Generation Screwed – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'Generation Screwed is the on-campus initiative of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation. ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/genscreweduoft/')(3507, 'German Studies Students’ Union', 'The German Studies Students’ Union is the course union for the German Studies department at the University of Toronto. Conducting social and academic events, the GSSU is an organization where students can\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/german-studies-students-union/')(3508, 'Georgian Students Association', 'The Georgian Students Association is a non-profit, student-run organization that brings together students of Georgian origin and those with an interest in Georgian culture at U of T. Georgia is an ancient country located at the intersection of Europe and Asia. Unfortunately, few people are aware of its existence, and most people mistake it for the US state of Georgia. This organization aims to promote and maintain Georgian culture, and offer a warm and encouraging environment for students studying abroad. The association is open to collaboration with other cultural and international student associations at U of T to promote cross- cultural understanding and diversity.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/gsauoft/')(3509, 'GOT7 UofT Fanclub', 'The GOT7 UofT Fanclub was created to promote our love for the members of the Kpop group GOT7 and to create events for the community to come together and build friendships. In the past, the club has organized movie nights, seasonal events, birthday events, dance classes, and album group orders. Come join the ahga-community! ♥', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftahgases/')(3510, 'Friends of NAN: UofT Student Chapter', 'The purpose, objectives, mission and/or mandate of organization is outlined here: Nanny Angel Network (NAN) is a charitable organization working to lessen the impact of cancer on families through free, specialized in-home and virtual childcare. Our chapter will work to increase awareness, engagement, and fundraise with the organization. We will be working with this third party organization in order to fulfill these objectives.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/nanangels.uoft/?hl=en')(3511, 'Friends of Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) – University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'Friends of Medecins Sans Frontieres (FoMSF) is officially affiliated with Doctors Without Borders and fundraises for them.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/friendsmsf_uoft/?hl=en')(3512, 'French Course Union', 'The University of Toronto French Course Union represents the interests of students enrolled in French courses and specialist, major, or minor programs.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/fcu.utoronto/?hl=en')(3513, 'Future-Living Lab', 'We are a student-run innovation lab with a passion for exploring the future of sustainable building design and pushing design innovations. Our team consists of architecture and engineering students from the University of Toronto. We focus on conceptual building designs while merging our collective interests in sustainability, building science, architecture, and structural engineering.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/futurelivinglab/')(3514, 'Fundamental Genetics and Its Applications Students’ Association (FGASA)', 'The Fundamental Genetics and Its Applications Students’ Association is aims to create a supportive and empowering community for all Fundamental Genetics and Its Applications (FGA) students and the rest of its members. FGA is a small program in a big school, and we want to ensure everyone feels connected and heard! We hope to make genetics just as fascinating outside the classroom as it is inside the classroom by stimulating discussions surrounding real-world events in the field. One can expect socials, informative journal sessions, speaker series and more! The time commitment as a general member is completely flexible but a higher level of commitment is also available on the executive team.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/fundamental-genetics-and-its-applications-students-association-fgasa/')(3515, 'Formula For Our Future (TFFOF)', 'TFFOF brings together business-focused individuals to promote sustainable life and business practices. We want to stress the importance of living your life with an environmentally friendly conscience and ways we, as future business leaders, can implement and advocate for sustainable practices in our organizations. Through educational social media posts and fun events, we are bringing together a community of people that believe that change can and should happen.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftffof/')(3516, 'Freestyle Fusion (FF)', 'Freestyle Fusion is a street dance club focusing on fundamental and freestyle practice. Currently, it is more like a hip-hop dance club, but we look forward to expanding our groups to other styles: popping, breaking, jazz, house, and so on. Our ultimate goal is to gather people who want to learn dancing or who are already dancers and to promote an inclusive and comfortable atmosphere for dancing. This club is ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/freestyle_fusion_ut/')(3517, 'Ethics Society and Law Student Association', 'The Ethics, Society, and Law Students’ Association is the undergraduate course union for the Ethics, Society, and Law program at the University of Toronto. We are open to any student who is interested in this program.\r', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ethicssocietyandlaw/')(3518, 'ETC Investment Group', 'ETC Investment Group is the ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/etc-investment-group/')(3519, 'Equity Studies Student Union (ESSU)', 'Resist • Dismantle • Reimagine', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftessu/')(3520, 'Environmental Students’ Union', 'The Environmental Students’ Union is a student-run organization representing the students enrolled in the programs of the School of Environment and affiliated departments. ENSU acts as a liaison between students enrolled in the programs listed above and the corresponding faculties. If you are having academic or social difficulties, don’t hesitate to come talk to us. We always welcome feedback on environment-related programs and courses.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ensu.uoft/')(3521, 'English Students’ Union', 'The English Students’ Union (ESU) is a student-run organization that promotes English-related events across campus and represents all undergraduate students taking any ENG or English-related courses. The ESU acts as a liaison between students and the English Department and actively participates in department decision making. The ESU also organizes seminars, talks and social events. All are welcome to attend.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/theuoftesu/')(3522, 'English Association', 'All graduate students in English are automatically members of the Graduate English Association (GEA). The GEA Executive Committee, elected by the members each spring, organises and promotes social and cultural events, from the popular pub nights and the softball team, Chapman’s Homer, to monthly reading groups, such as the Twentieth-Century and Cultural Studies groups. The Executive is the students’ liaison with the departmental administration, representing their concerns and opinions about funding, courses, and other graduate issues. The GEA meets twice a semester to discuss these issues, to plan pub nights, and to explore planning other possibilities such as a conference, a magazine and whatever other ideas the members bring to the table.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/english-association/')(3523, 'Engineering Society (EngSoc)', 'Every undergraduate in the Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering is a member of the Engineering Society. Founded in 1885, it is the oldest formal Engineering organization in Canada. Together with its constituent “course clubs” (one for each program), the society plans and operates many student activities and services. It is the focal point for that traditional unity of spirit among Engineering students, which is the envy of other groups in the University and which continues throughout its members’ professional careers. The society operates the engineering stores, which supplies students with most of their school supplies and instruments. In addition, it deals with matters of policy relating to student academic affairs, and has representation on the Faculty’s governing body, the Council, and its working committees.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftengsoc/?hl=en')(3524, 'Engineering Athletic Association (EAA)', 'The Engineering Athletics Association organizes all the SkuleTm  intramural sports teams and several clubs; from Ice Hockey to Field Hockey, Volleyball to Rugby and everything in between (ever tried Lacrosse? Or Innertube Waterpolo?). If you can walk, run, throw, jump, swim or skate or even if you can’t do any of the above; or even if you can do any of the above we need you!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/engineering-athletic-association-eaa/')(3525, 'Enactus University of Toronto St. George Student Chapter', 'Enactus is a global network of student entrepreneurs committed to using business as a catalyst for positive social and environmental impact. Each student branch of Enactus, consisting of representatives from higher education institutions around the world, functions as an umbrella association for young entrepreneurs contributing to projects, starting ventures, and competing in larger Enactus competitions.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/enactus_utsg/')(3526, 'Engineering and Quantitative Analysis for Traditional Equity Fund (EQUATE)', 'The organization is dedicated to bridging the gap between traditional investment methodologies and state-of-the-art engineering quant techniques through projects that simulate real-world experience and stakes. Its mission is to foster a collaborative environment where students can learn, experiment, and innovate at the intersection of finance and engineering. We aim to create a successful investment fund and provide valuable investment involvement through financial research and quantitative analysis.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/engineering-and-quantitative-analysis-for-traditional-equity-fund-equate/')(3527, 'Emmanuel College Students’ Society', 'The ECSS is an organization of the basic degree students. Its primary function is to oversee student activities within Emmanuel College. It also seeks to provide an atmosphere that will promote Christian fellowship among students, students’ families, faculty, and staff and to act as a liaison between students and faculty. The Emmanuel College Student Society is represented on the T.S.T. Basic Degree Council and the Emmanuel College Council.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/emmanuel-college-students-society/')(3528, 'Formula SAE Racing Team', 'The UofT Formula SAE Racing Team is a student‐ run club focused on designing, building and competing with an open‐wheeled race car at Formula SAE and Formula Student competitions held globally. The team strives to represent UofT in each of the competitions we attend. Our team is well respected within the FSAE series and as such we promote the University of Toronto as an international powerhouse. We provide un‐paralleled learning experience for all students by developing time/project management, design, manufacturing, industry relations, and business management skills through hands‐on experience.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftfsae')(3529, 'EmpowART UofT – Student Chapter', ' ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/empowart.uoft/')(3530, 'Elite Fantasy Sports Toronto', 'Elite Fantasy Sports Toronto is a club that operates fantasy sports leagues online which are open to all members of the University of Toronto and the outside community. This includes fantasy leagues for (but not limited to): the National Hockey League, Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the National Football League, and the Canadian Football League. We are open to the operation of any fantasy sports league that has a minimum of six (6) participants.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/elitefantasysportsto')(3531, 'Electrical and Computer Engineering Graduate Students’ Society', 'The purpose of the group is to represent the common interests of the graduate students enrolled in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) at the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/ecegssofficial/')(3532, 'Engineers In Action – University of Toronto Student Chapter (EIA – U of T)', 'The Engineers in Action University of Toronto Student Chapter, formerly the Bridges to Prosperity University of Toronto Chapter, is a group of students dedicated to raising awareness and making a positive impact on student and global life. At the University of Toronto, we work to enrich student life through educational events and speaker series, allowing students to apply their education in meaningful ways. This includes events such as bridge design workshops, AutoCAD and construction skills workshops, as well as guest lectures from professional engineers and UofT alumni. Globally, we help bridge the gap of isolation in developing communities around the world through the strategic funding design and construction of footbridges for communities facing impassable obstacles. We provide the infrastructure that enables isolated communities to access health care, education, and economic opportunities. So far, our chapter has completed footbridge projects in Guatemala, Bolivia, and eSwatini.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/eia.uoft/')(3533, 'Egyptian Students’ Association – St. George Campus', 'The Egyptian Students’ Association works to showcase and promote Egyptian culture both on and off campus. We hope to create an atmosphere that welcomes Egyptians and non-egyptians conducive to social networking and cultural acceptance.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/egyptian-students-association-st-george-campus/')(3534, 'Electrical and Computer Engineering Club', 'During the year, the Computer Engineering Club, along with ElectricalnEngineering Club, has fun activities to counteract even the most severencases of study sickness. We hold Smokers and Movie Nights throughout thenyear and beginning with last year we have been able to present to you thenNEW Common Room where you can come anytime to relax, play foosball or Xboxngames or sit on one of our five leather sofas. Our classic November DinnernDance is the perfect opportunity to show your dancing and socializingnskills, and our infamous annual Chariot Race is the time when all ECEsngather to defend our department’s honour in armour and tractor grease.  Wenalso have an annual Ski Trip which is tons of fun. Last but not least, thensenior years’ field trips to Ottawa and Montreal will never let you forgetnwhat partying with your friends is all about!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/computer-engineering-club/')(3535, 'Economics Union', 'A description has not been provided to the Office of Student Affairs.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/economics-union/')(3536, 'Ecology and Evolutionary Biology Undergraduate Union (EEBU)', 'The Ecology and Evolutionary Biology Union (EEBU) is a student-run organization devoted to providing Ecology and Evolutionary Biology undergraduates with various academic services, social activities, and resources. The Course Union holds many events each year including educational seminars with guest lecturers, field trips, nature hikes, movie nights, and socials. EEBU also offers students previous years’ tests, course information, advice on lab write-ups, test-writing, and course work.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/eebu.uoft/')(3537, 'Ecology and Evolutionary Biology Graduate Student Association (EGSA)', 'Represents the interests of graduate students in the department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/ecology-and-evolutionary-biology-graduate-student-association-egsa/')(3538, 'Eating Disorder Awareness & Support Club (EDASC)', 'UofT Eating Disorder Awareness & Support Club aims to provide a safe and supportive environment for students to discuss eating disorders, body image, and mental health, to provide accessible support resources for those with eating disorders the UofT community, and to promote eating disorder awareness, education, and advocacy on campus.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/edasc_2021/')(3539, 'East Asian Studies Student Union', 'The East Asian Studies Students’ Union (EASSU) is an active student body dedicated to the undergraduate students of the East Asian Department. We are not only a liaison between students and the department, but are also here to make your learning experience more enjoyable and fulfilling. Throughout the year, we hold both academic and social events that relate to the East Asian cultures. If you are interested in helping out with events or have a suggestion, please feel free to fill out this suggestion form at any time: https://forms.gle/shtF7Lt2twHN9MiU6. As for our office, we are located on the 14th floor of Robarts Library (Rm 14-299). Get INVOLVED and make your university experience the best it can be.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/eassu_uoft/?hl=en')(3540, 'Economics Students Association', 'The Economics Students Association at U of T is the course union that represents all economics students. We strive to promote the study of economics and to support students that are enrolled in the program. ESA represents students at the Department of Economics and in ASSU as well. ESA aims to build and maintain a community between students, faculty and alumni who share an interest in economics. ESA hosts events throughout the year such as economic forums and socials in the hopes that this will bolster interest and growth of the economics program at U of T.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/economics-students-association/')(3541, 'East African Community Club UofT (EACC UofT)', 'Welcome to the East African Community Club UofT! We are a vibrant and inclusive student organization dedicated to celebrating the rich cultural heritage and fostering unity among University of Toronto students from the East African countries of Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Rwanda, Burundi, South Sudan, and DR Congo. Our club serves as a platform for social engagement, academic support, professional development, and community outreach.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/eacc.uoft/')(3542, 'Drama Student Union', 'A description has not been provided to the Office of Student Affairs.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/drama-student-union/')(3543, 'Discussion Club U of T', 'This club is an avenue where people seeking to share their thoughts and questions can do so and receive opinions, constructive criticisms, suggestions, and maybe even answers. Such topics include philosophy, political science, psychology, history, ethics, law, religion, and other fields from the humanities and social sciences. This club may not cater towards STEM fields, but it is not closed to them. In fact, we encourage students from different fields to participate so that all can benefit from listening to diverse perspectives. If you have any deep questions, theories, or arguments, whether they be controversial or otherwise, feel free to let them be known and prepare to listen to what others have to say. Hopefully, you will receive something meaningful out of it.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/discussion-club/')(3544, 'Didar Cultural Forum', 'It’s a discussion group, which focuses on how cinema gets its influences from society, culture, politics, and history; and how these represent themselves in the movies.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/didar/')(3545, 'Doctoral Students Association of the Faculty of Information', 'The Doctoral Students Association is the student governing body that serves and represents the interests of students in the doctoral programme of the Faculty of Information.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/doctoral-students-association-of-the-faculty-of-information/')(3546, 'Diaspora and Transnational Studies Union', 'The vision of the Union of Diaspora and Transnational Students is to provide a milieu of discussion and intellectual engagement for students who would like to reflect on their experiences of migration and/or diaspora. The purpose of this union is to bring together students, faculty members, staff and alumni, from all disciplines, who share an interest in the dispersion of people from their original homeland and aftermath of such migration.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/dtsu_uoft/?hl=en')(3547, 'Dental Students’ Society (DSS)', 'The Dental Students’ Society (DSS) is the official undergraduate organization in the Faculty of Dentistry. Every full-time undergraduate student in the Faculty is automatically a member of the Society, which organizes and controls the athletic, dramatic, literary, social and other group activities of the student body. Faculty representatives encourage and assist the students in their participation in extracurricular activities. An additional fee is charged students in their First Year in the Faculty to cover the cost of special events such as the Graduation Ball and the Boat Cruise.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/dental-students-society-dss/')(3548, 'Computer Science Students Union (CSSU)', 'The Computer Science Student Union (CSSU) provides the essential link between the students of the Computer Science community, its faculty, and the Computer Science Industry. The union unites these three groups by providing stimulating events such as professor discussion panels, tech demos and seminars, and industry workshops. In addition, the CSSU enriches the life of the Computer Science community by hosting various yearly social events which have included but are not limited to: First Year BBQ, Game Night, Pub Night, Outdoor Skating Event, Sports Events, Movie night and much much more. The Union’s tight bond between itself and the community is attributed to the group’s readiness to lend an open ear to the ideas and concerns of its students. Students are encouraged to visit the CSSU office (BA2250) during ', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/computer-science-students-union/')(3549, 'Computer Graphics Club (UTCG)', 'UTCG aims to explore computer graphics from the computer science and artistic perspective. Our mission is to create a supportive learning community that provides graphics-related workshops, research talks, field trips, and social events for people who are interested in CG, Animation, VR/AR, VFX, 3D printing, gaming, interactive media, and more!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utcomputergraphics/')(3550, 'Competitive Programming Club', 'Compete in international computing contest against other top universities.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/competitive-programming-club/')(3551, 'Competitive Poker Club', 'The primary objective of the University of Toronto Competitive Poker Club is to organize and oversee competitive poker tournaments throughout the UofT campus. Our ultimate aim is to enhance the standard of play within the realm of competitive tournament poker for all UofT students. We aspire to someday participate in high-stakes tournaments at the national or even international stage. Our club is dedicated to promoting a poker philosophy that emphasizes critical thinking and analytical skills. It is important to note that we do not endorse gambling in any form, and gambling activities will not be included in any of our club’s events or initiatives.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcompetitivepokerclub/')(3552, 'Comparative Literature Course Union', 'A description has not been provided to the Office of Student Affairs.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/comparative-literature-course-union/')(3553, 'Commerce Students’ Association', 'If you would like to reach the RCSA, visit them in Rm 18 in Woodsworth College', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/commerce-students-association/')(3554, 'Collegiate Softball Enthusiasts Club (CSEC)', 'A group for collegiate softball enthusiasts to watch, play, and connect through sport.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/collegiate-softball-enthusiasts-club-csec/')(3555, 'Communist Party of Canada / Young Communist League of Canada Club', 'The University of Toronto branches of the Communist Party of Canada and the Young Communist League of Canada.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/communist-party-of-canada-club/')(3556, 'Cognitive Science and Artificial Intelligence Students Association (CASA)', 'The Cognitive Science and Artificial Intelligence Students Association (CASA) aims to bring together everyone in the University of Toronto community who is involved with or interested in the study of the mind. All ASSU fee-paying undergraduates enrolled in a Cognitive Science program or COG course are members of CASA. That said, anyone in the UofT community is welcome to participate in our events: prospective students, part-time students, teaching assistants, graduate students, alumni, professors, and other interested individuals.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/casa.uoft/')(3557, 'Club Limitless Uoft', '\xa0', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/club-limitless-uoft/')(3558, 'Club For Undergraduate Biomedical Engineering (CUBE)', 'CUBE is a student-run club whose mandate is to promote biomedical engineering at the undergraduate level. The oldest and largest chapter was founded in 1997 at the University of Toronto. Currently the Toronto chapter has over 200 active members from assorted programs and faculties and more than 500 students on our mailing list.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/cube.skule')(3559, 'Classics Students’ Union', 'The Classics Students’ Union (CLASSU) is the body representing Undergraduate Classics and Classical Civilization students at the University of Toronto. We exist to promote and encourage the study of the literature, language, history, and culture of the ancient Mediterranean world. We host a variety of academic services and social events.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/classicsstudentsunion/?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet&igshid=OGQ5ZDc2ODk2ZA==')(3560, 'Climate Justice UofT: The Student Voice on Environmental Justice', 'We’re always welcoming new members — email climatejusticeuoft@gmail.com to find out how to get involved!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/climatejusticeuoft')(3561, 'Civil Engineering Graduate Students’ Association', 'The Civil Engineering Graduate Students Association, established in 1971, represents over 200 graduate students in the Department of Civil Engineering. The association is responsible for organizing civil graduate social events, seminars, sports teams, orientation activities for new students and much more. The association also actively participates in the academic affairs of the Department of Civil Engineering by appointing graduate student representatives to departmental committees and councils that directly affect graduate education, such as curriculum and content, degree requirements, and graduate academic appeals.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/civil-engineering-graduate-students-association/')(3562, 'Civil Engineering Club', 'The Civil Engineering Club is the official undergraduate student organization for the over 500 Civil Engineering students at the University of Toronto. Our main objective is to ensure an excellent student experience for our members from Orientation to Commencement. We meet our objective through a variety of services which are academic, social, professional and much more. We also maintain contact with the students, faculty, department and school at large.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/civil-engineering-club/')(3563, 'Circle K – Student Chapter', 'Circle K is a service organization through which University of Toronto students can find a means of responsible student action in their communities and a more active involvement in the life of their campus. We participate in various volunteering opportunities and fundraising projects on campus as well as within the local community. As students learn about the needs of their campuses and communities, they develop hands-on activities to address these problems.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftcirclek/?hl=en')(3564, 'Civil and Mineral Engineering Graduate Students Association', 'The Civil and Mineral Engineering Graduate Student Association (CivMin GSA) represents more than 400 graduate students in the Department of Civil and Mineral Engineering. The purpose of the association is to represent the civil and mineral engineering graduate student body to other groups and to sponsor events of common interest to the membership. Past activities have included barbeques in the summer, pub nights, coffee and tea events, movie nights, and a trip to Canada’s Wonderland. \r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/civil-and-mineral-engineering-graduate-students-association/')(3565, 'Cinema Studies Student Union', 'The backbone of CINSSU’s non-academic activities is the FFF series. FFF are at 7pm at Innis Town Hall. The films are always free and shown mostly in 35mm. Our full program guide is available in print outside Innis Town Hall or on this website (see Free Friday Films in the menu to the left). Admission is free to students, people who look like students, those who wish they were students, and everyone else.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/cinema-studies-student-union/')(3566, 'Cinema Studies Graduate Student Union', 'The stated purpose of the Cinema Studies Graduate Student Union is to represent and advocate for the interests of the graduate students in the Cinema', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/csgsu_uoft/')(3567, 'CIUT 89.5 FM (U of T Community Radio)', 'In 1966, a group of University of Toronto students started Radio University, successfully establishing an independent radio station and voice for the University of Toronto community. The infant radio station grew steadily, building important associations with CJRT-FM and CHUM-FM. By the early 1970s it was clear that Radio University — now Input Radio — was reaching and representing an increasingly diverse audience. Throughout the 1970’s and 80’s, the station maintained its commitment to pursuing the issues and stories ignored by most mainstream news outlets. By doing so Input Radio and its successor CJUT developed a loyal audience in Toronto. The next obvious step was to increase the station’s broadcast range by becoming an FM station. This was accomplished in 1986, and CJUT became CIUT-FM. While continuing to reach both University of Toronto students and the broader Toronto community, the station also found new audiences all across Central and Southern Ontario. Now, thanks to Star Choice’s National Satellite Network and Webcasting through Virtuecast, CIUT-FM is bringing its unique brand of eclectic broadcasting to a global audience.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/ciut-89-5-fm-u-of-t-community-radio/')(3568, 'Christian Students at UTSG', 'The purpose of CSUT is to enjoy the Christian Bible and the experiences of the Word of God through fellowship, Bible study, prayer, and gatherings in order to help each one’s faith to flourish, and the growth according to the divine life each has received through believing.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/christianstudentsatuoft/')(3569, 'Chinese Traditional Music', 'UTCTM is a non-profit\xa0association led by students who are interested in Chinese traditional instruments and Gufeng music. The purpose of the group is to transmit traditional Chinese cultural to the campus and build the best platform for students with same interests to share ideas and play instruments together. We welcome anyone who appreciate nostalgic Chinese music to join us regardless gender, race, religion, and ethnicity, because we believe music has a magical charm that affects everyone, transcending national boundaries and cultural differences.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utctm/')(3570, 'Chinese Students and Scholars Association (UTCSSA)', 'UTCSSA, the University of Toronto Chinese Students and Scholars Association, is a prestigious non-profit student organization dedicated to enriching your university experience. Our core mission is to nurture a dynamic community of students, fostering open lines of communication, fostering the bonds of friendship, and facilitating academic exchange among our esteemed members. Our vibrant array of events, from illuminating new student orientations to exciting excursions to Algonquin and Blue Mountain, as well as our glamorous Spring Gala, are designed to immerse you in the beauty of Chinese culture while encouraging the building of lasting friendships. With a storied history steeped in unwavering dedication and service, UTCSSA shines as a guiding beacon for those embarking on their educational journey at the University of Toronto. Join us today, and let us elevate your university experience together.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utcssa_official?igsh=cmFnbzMzZWl1ZzEx')(3571, 'Chinese Youth Finance Summit', 'Holding round-table conferences and online meetings to share ideas and discuss the stock market, cryptocurrency, venture capital, investing ideas, etc.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/chinese-youth-finance-summit/')(3572, 'Chinese Popular Culture Club', 'Welcome to the Chinese Popular Culture Club! Immerse yourself in the vibrant world of China’s rich history, modern trends, and captivating entertainment. Our club is a haven for enthusiasts, both seasoned and newcomers, who share a love for the diverse and dynamic aspects of Chinese popular culture. Get ready to be entertained as we curate events around popular Chinese reality TV shows. Engage in discussions, watch parties, and lively debates about your favorite contestants and nail-biting moments. Anyone interested in joining the club can contact us via clubcpop@gmail.com', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/trt.zys/')(3573, 'Chinese Debate Association', 'CDA annually holds intramural debate competitions (Qiyang Cup) and Canadian university debate competitions (Planet Cup). We have been established for seven years and have successfully held many debate competitions with UBC, McGill, Western Ontario, McMaster, and other universities. We have invited officials from the Chinese Consulate in Canada and debaters from Peking University to be judges. Students who are interested in Chinese debate are welcome to join our club.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utcda/')(3574, 'Chestnut Residence Council', 'The Chestnut Residence Council is an established student-run organization out of U of T’s Chestnut Residence, home to over 1000 students from 4 different institutions.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/chestnut-residence-council/')(3575, 'Chinese Undergraduate Student Association at the University of Toronto', 'Chinese Undergraduate Student Association at the University of Toronto (CUAUT) was founded in 2002. We specifically target the Chinese undergraduate population at U of T as a cultural, social, and identity group. The majority of our group speaks mandarin Chinese and demonstrates strong cultural and social identities as mainland Chinese. Our mission is to enrich the experiences of all Chinese undergraduate students at U of T by providing social, educational, and entertainment events that connect our members with the university community and all the groups around us. In the meantime, we provide highly valuable learning experiences for executive and assistant members who are passionate about working with CUAUT.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/cuautsg/')(3576, 'Canadian Asian Student Social (CASS)', ' ', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/utsg.cass/')(3577, 'Canada-Brazil Law Club (CBLC)', 'The Canada-Brazil Law Club (CBLC) at the University of Toronto is a dynamic student organization dedicated to exploring the intersections of Brazilian and Canadian legal systems, as well as the cultural and educational exchange with legal students, academics and professionals of both countries. We provide a platform for students, scholars, and legal professionals to connect and deepen their understanding of both legal landscapes. Through engaging seminars, interactive workshops, community outreach, and dedicated advocacy, CBLC fosters a rich appreciation of Brazilian and Canadian law. Join us to be part of a vibrant community that values learning, collaboration, and cross-cultural legal exchange!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/canada-brazil-law-club-cblc/')(3578, 'Campus Worship (CW)', 'Campus Worship exists to provide an open space for students to freely worship and encounter Jesus. We’re here to minister to the Lord and express our love for Him, which means we love others with all we’ve got.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/campus-worship-cw/')(3579, 'Campfire Club', 'Campfire Club at the University of Toronto is an inclusive club dedicated to providing a friendly environment for those with any degree of interest in performing and composing music with others. All students are welcome regardless of musical experience, and the club offers a friendly space where people can collaborate and practice the music they love on a weekly basis!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/campfire-club/')(3580, 'By People In Toronto (BYTO)', '‘By People In Toronto’ is a undergraduate journal demonstrating students relationship with the city. This journal showcases different Torontoian perspectives and stories, divided by chapters named after different Toronto districts, to develop cultural layers for the subsections of the city.\xa0', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/bypeopleintoronto/')(3581, 'Cam’s Kids: University of Toronto Student Chapter', 'At the University of Toronto, we never underestimate the power and impact of student groups who want to see change.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/camskids_8/')(3582, 'Burwash Hall Residence Council', 'The Burwash Hall Residence Council governs the residents of the Burwash Hall Residence at Victoria University. It is responsible for organizing activities and representing student views and needs to the administration.\r', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/burwash-hall-residence-council/')(3583, 'Buddhist Contemplative Care Student Sangha', 'The purpose of BCCSS is to integrate the academic learning that takes place in the classroom into our meditation practice, as well as in the day-to-day services we provide in our professional roles in contemplative care. As a group, we also support the various Buddhist traditions our members practice as a University facility resource. As students, we will strive to discern the practical nature of our studies in Buddhism and merge these teachings with our deep spiritual commitment to care for others with wisdom and compassion.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/u-of-t-buddhist-contemplative-care-sangha/')(3584, 'Buddhism and Psychology Student Union (BPSU)', 'All U of T students are welcome to attend our social/academic events.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft_bpsu/')(3585, 'Bridges U of T Student Chapter', 'At Bridges, we are a community bringing together Canadians & international students from around the world through mutual support, friendship, learning, and faith.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/p2cuoftglobal/')(3586, 'Clinical Psychology Students’ Association (CPSA)', 'The Clinical Psychology Students Association aims to provide direction and guidance for students interested in a path towards Clinical Psychology. We also aim to provide free and detailed information on clinical psychology topics like psychological disorders to all interested students, regardless of their program. Events – including seminars and panels – will create opportunities for students to grow their research skills and discuss topics, exploring the different perspectives in mechanisms behind disorders, interventions, and latest development in the field. These events will also work towards giving insight into what it means to be a clinical psychologist.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/clinical-psychology-students-association-cpsa/')(3587, 'Brighten A Day Toronto (BRAD)', 'We are the Toronto Chapter of the authorized non-profit organization Brighten a Day. We are dedicated to spreading love and joy to our neighbourhood, community, school, and around the world. We plan to organize events that help bring warmth and happiness to long-term care homes, student communities, as well as people in poverty. Through joining us, you will have the opportunity to participate in volunteer activities, enjoy fun and meaningful experiences, practice communication, empathy, and teamwork, and see people’s days brightened by our efforts.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/brighten-a-day-toronto-brad/')(3588, 'Chinese Traditional Calligraphy Association', 'Welcome to the Chinese Traditional Calligraphy Association at the University of Toronto, where we celebrate and preserve the ancient art of Chinese calligraphy. Our group offers a vibrant community for enthusiasts of all skill levels to explore the history, techniques, and cultural significance of this timeless art form. Members can participate in hands-on workshops, showcase their work in exhibitions, and connect with fellow students passionate about Chinese calligraphy. Join us to enhance your skills, gain artistic inspiration, and immerse yourself in the rich heritage of Chinese culture.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/chinese-traditional-calligraphy-association/')(3589, 'Brazilian Student Association University of Toronto Student Chapter (BRASA UofT)', 'BRASA is a non-profit organization that is made up of a network of Brazilian students who are living outside their country of origin in search of new dreams and challenges. Currently, BRASA is present in 90+ universities around the world, in countries such as the United States, England, France and China. We want to be recognized as a platform for training leaders, entrepreneurs and change-drivers in the public, private and social sectors. We also have the dream of empowering the next generation of leaders for a better Brazil – a dream that is shared by each member of BRASA, which is the main reason why this team of passionate people joins to work daily; this is what guides everything we do. At the center of our values are proactivity, excellence, and commitment to Brazil.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/brasauoft/')(3590, 'Black Students’ Association', 'The Black Students’ Association (BSA) is the largest representation of self-identified Black students at the University of Toronto. The BSA remains dedicated to the education, experience and empowerment of the Black-Canadian and international community, aiming to represent and foster black culture through community interaction and outreach. In doing so, the BSA coordinates countless events and initiatives with a social, political and academic focus, to support our future leaders.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftbsa/')(3591, 'Bookends', 'Bookends is a book club at the University of Toronto that wants to have fun with reading. We read one book per month and have monthly meetings to discuss it. Participating is a great way to meet fellow book-lovers at UofT and take a break from your homework! We also hold movie nights and other socials.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/bookendsuoft/')(3592, 'Book & Media Studies Student Association (BMSSA)', 'The Book & Media Studies Student Association (BMSSA) represents all students within the University of Toronto in the Book and Media Studies program, as well as students who have taken a class from the program. We hold academic and professional development events, advocate for new courses and advancements to the program, as well as provide social opportunities for students to connect with the Book and Media Studies community.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/bmssa_uoft/')(3593, 'Blossom Books UofT Women’s Book Club (UofT BB)', 'Blossom Books is a vibrant club that celebrates the power of reading while fostering connections among women and allies on campus. Our club is a haven where likeminded individuals can come to form friendships and ignite a passion for literature, while also giving back and inspiring the community. Our vision at Blossom Books is to empower women and the community through the transformative power of literature, spreading the love for reading to all ages.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/blossombooks.club/')(3594, 'Biomedical Engineering Students’ Association', 'The Biomedical Engineering Students’ Association (BESA) is a student-run group whose mission is to enhance the BME graduate student experience within the University of Toronto. This is accomplished through organizing social, academic, professional, and community events, serving as the voice for the BME graduate student community, and engaging in initiatives to improve the student life of BME graduate students.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/besa_bme/')(3595, 'Black Graduate Students’ Association (BGSA)', 'The Black Graduate Students’ Association (BGSA) will engage in powerful discourse of local and international issues and experiences in the Black community. While empowering the community, BGSA also celebrates Black culture. We will be dedicated to host events, initiatives and outreach to support and strengthen our members at UofT and beyond.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/bgsa_uoft/?hl=en')(3596, 'Black Doctors of Tomorrow', 'Black Doctors of Tomorrow (BDOT) is an organization dedicated to assist aspiring medical school individuals to be knowledgeable about the medical journey and become better candidates to reach medical school. We plan to achieve our vision through peer-mentorship, research opportunities, workshops, advocacy, outreach, etc.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/bdot.uoft/?hl=en')(3597, 'Biology Students’ Association', 'The Biology Students’ Association (BIOSA) represents all undergraduate Biology program students at the University of Toronto at St. George.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/biology-students-association-2/')(3598, 'Bioinformatics Society for Networking and Collaboration (BIO-SYNC)', 'Bioinformatics Society for Networking and Collaboration (BIO-SYNC) is a student-led organization dedicated to making bioinformatics more accessible and fun. We strive to create engaging events, workshops, and collaborative projects that help build a fundamental background in bioinformatics among UofT students.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/biosync.research/')(3599, 'Bioinformatics & Computational Biology Students’ Association (BCBSA)', 'Administered by the Department of Cell and Systems Biology in collaboration with several other departments, the Bioinformatics & Computational Biology (BCB) program, also known as “bofo,” is an interdisciplinary program that merges biology, computer science, data science, and more. This specialized program forms a close-knit community, embracing the unique convergence of these diverse areas.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/bcbsa.uoft/')(3600, 'Biochemistry Undergraduate Student Society (BUSS)', 'The Biochemistry Undergraduate Student Society (BUSS) is an initiative by students, for students. Throughout the school years, we aim to engage the Biochemistry community by introducing academic seminars, game nights and socials, mentorship opportunities, and more! Some of our previous events include “Lunch & Learn” with professors, review sessions for BCH courses, as well as upper-year panels to help students with research opportunities and course selections. Please check out our Instagram page to keep up-to-date with our events (@uoftbuss).', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoftbuss')(3601, 'Bikechain', 'Bikechain is a DIY bike repair space run by volunteers and staff. We offer free bike rentals and put on workshops to promote safe cycling and teach students and members of the community how to repair and maintain their bikes. Bikechain is a non-profit corporation, run by a volunteer board. We are supported by levies from GSU and UTSU students and by donations to allow us to fulfill our goal of promoting cycling as a sustainable method of transportation.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/bikechainut/')(3602, 'Biochemistry Graduate Student Union', 'The Biochemistry Graduate Student Union (BGSU) represents over 120 graduate students from the Department of Biochemistry at the University of Toronto.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/biochemistry-graduate-student-union/')(3603, 'Architecture and Visual Studies Students Union', 'The Architecture and Visual Studies Students Union (AVSSU) is a democratically elected student government established in 2014. We represent, and advocate for the rights of the undergraduate student body at the Daniels Faculty of Architecture, Landscape and Design at the University of Toronto.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/uoft.avssu/')(3604, 'Architectural Studies Society', 'The BAASS Executive is dedicated to helping ensure that the education of all students registered in Architecture courses at the University of Toronto is the best that can be possibly offered.  The BAASS strives to ensure easier access to academic resources and general information; provides a direct communication link to the faculty and professors; and works to provide an overall better university experience through social and educational opportunities outside course routines.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/architectural-studies-society/')(3605, 'Applied Psychology and Human Development Student Association', 'The Applied Psychology and Human Development Student Association (APHD SA) is dedicated to bringing together a community of students, staff, and faculty with programs in the department of Applied Psychology and Human Development (APHD) at Ontario Institute for Studies in Education (OISE).', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/applied-psychology-and-human-development-student-association/')(3606, 'Arab Students Association (ASA)', 'The purpose of ASA is to instill a sense\xa0of community among Arab students at UofT and promote Arab culture and diversity across campus. ASA aims to give Arab and non-Arab students the chance to feel more connected to the culture and develop connections through social and educational events. It is also a great way for people who are interested in the Arab culture to learn more about it!', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/asa.utsg/')(3607, 'Appassionata Music Group', 'Appassionata Music Group is a non-profit, volunteer organization founded by students from the University of Toronto with a passion for music. We hold 3-4 regular concerts on campus each year, often some additional ones to connect the musical community around campus. Furthermore, we provide classical music performances in local hospitals, community centres, and senior care homes free of charge, giving patients and residents more opportunities to enjoy live concerts.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/appassionata-music-group/')(3608, 'Anthropology Students’ Association', 'The Anthropology Students’ Association represents you as a student to the department. We act as your voice for any concerns and questions you may have about U of T’s Anthropology programs. We also house valuable resources such as a collection of past tests and field school information.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/anthropology-students-association/')(3609, 'Anthropology Graduate Student Union', 'The Anthropology Graduate Students’ Union consists of a very broad range of graduate students, encompassing all of the many fields of anthropology – socio-cultural, linguistic, medical, archaeological, and biological. We aim to improve the graduate study of anthropology and build community through socials, collective action, academic conferences (including MEDUSA), and any other initiatives members want to pursue. Learn more about the union here: http://www.utorontoagsu.com/', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/anthropology-graduate-students-union/')(3610, 'Annesley Student Government Association (ASGA)', 'ASGA is the student government for Annesley Hall at Victoria University.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/annesley-student-government-association-asga/')(3611, 'Animation and Cartoons Club', 'UofToons – University of Toronto’s animation and cartoons club – hosts screenings, discussions, and workshops surrounding animation. We are open to aspiring animators and artists of all levels, animation fans, and generally people who want a space on campus to relax and enjoy their favorite shows with other people. If this sounds like the place for you, join us!', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/animation-and-cartoons-club/')(3612, 'Ananda Marga Yoga Club', 'The purpose of Ananda Marga Yoga club is to make yoga and meditation practices accessible to students of any religious, cultural, ethnic, national or any other background. In AMYC, we will host collective meditations, asana classes, yogic philosophy and wellness study-circles, presentations, and conferences. We will also invite experienced meditation and yoga teachers to give classes, answer questions, and practice together for wellness and progress.', '', 'SP', 'https://sop.utoronto.ca/group/ananda-marga-yoga-club/')(3613, 'Amnesty International, University of Toronto Chapter (AI U of T)', 'Amnesty International at the University of Toronto is a student-based chapter of Amnesty International, a worldwide nonprofit organization which advocates for the promotion and protection of human rights. Amnesty International has no political, governmental, or corporate affiliation, but strives to achieve the universal respect of human rights by targeting specific cases of human rights violations and raising public awareness. The AI U of T chapter aims to bring awareness to students, faculty, and alumni about human rights violations around the world, and how they can contribute to the campaign for universal human rights.', '', 'IN', 'https://www.instagram.com/amnestyuoft/')